["\n\n  The same thing happening in the new replaced phone also I feel disappointed it's not worth for the money. It's hanging a lot in phone application. I am getting irritated when I am try to make a call. I need to wait for 30 to 40 seconds in that to most of the time it closing automatically showing phone is not responding. I didn't expect this from one plus. Totally waste product...\n\n", '\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0Do watch the video. M very disappointed with the product\n\n', "\n\n  Everything is best except the thing that one plus hasn't provided headphones with handset..n even cleaning cloth is not there...only one transparent cover case is available..phone doesn't have headphones jack n hence it should have provided headphones..mine is mirror Black..\n\n", '\n\n  Awesome device, and hats off to amazon for such speedy delivery.I ordered it on 16th May 12PM and it got delivered by 17th May 10AMAnd so far I m absolutely loving this device, buttery smooth and blazing fast. But its a bit big, afterall 6.7 inches is quite a number and super slippery if used without the case.And I am awestruck by the speed it charges. 😍\n\n', '\n\n  Worth every buck.Finally one plus has involved and presented a better shaped handset.- Amazing display quality and the curved edged display.- Best in class camera.- Better battery life and charging.\n\n', '\n\n  Waste of money this time one plus 7 pro heavy weight not disply gud compare to samsung, also inbuilt screen guard getting with bubles and in youtube show wireless headphone and 2 axtra cover with phone but not recived this time really waste of money\n\n', '\n\n  This phone has a hanging issue. Nd ur customer care says they can send d technician on 25th. Its like  i hv spent 53000 nd still i cant use a phone.\n\n', '\n\n  No 4G direct video call!! What a mess! Clearly over priced. Display is stunning. Performance stunning. Average battery backup. Over hiped device as usual!! Worst RAM management! Only 2GB RAM is free out of 8GB in most optimized state with all the back ground applications are closed. Next upgrade should solve the RAM management problem and Direct 4G video call feature. Camera is good but not ground breaking at this price tag and as hyped by the company.\n\n', '\n\n  I am giving 1 star for poor camera quality .The camera is bad than my oneplus 3.Its not able to focus correctly and the final image is blurry.I discovered the issue when clicking a pic of a document.The text was not sharp and all and after doing some more testing with 3rd party apps , and going thru Oneplus Forum, found that many people are facing this same issue.Oneplus should fix this issue, else this would be like OP 2\n\n', '\n\n  just bought oneplus 7 prowas exploring itsaved both of my thumbs as fingerprint but the phone opened with my right index fingerprintwhat the hell is this\n\n', "\n\n  This is a beast of a phone. Fastest processor amongst Android phones. Full screen AMOLED display takes the viewing experience to another level. Stereo speakers quality is too good. Can't ask for a better phone.\n\n", "\n\n  I got the Phone Yesterday. And from my 1 Day experience I'm giving you short review.. I won't go for the things It doesn't have.. I'll tell, how it works with the Things it have..1. Oh Boy, the Display, It's Smooth as Butter.. I think it's the best thing of this Phone.. You can use it all day and It's really really Awesome. No Display and I say No Display is Smooth and Vivid as This One...2. Speed! 90Hz Display and SD 855 show it's Muscle here.. From app opening to Gaming, it does everything smoothly!3. Build Quality is Great. It feels Solid. No way it's A One Handed Device. Slightly Heavier Side.4. Warp Charge!! Yesterday at Night 11.30 pm I started Charging with 11% Battery. Within 12.35 am it's 100%. It's Blazing Fast.Now Let's Talk about some Mediocre Stuff-4. Camera! It's Ok I'd say.. Colour is slightly shifted.. I don't know Why but My Poco is Capturing Better image than this in Automatic Mode.. It's Good and like traditional One Plus Camera.. The Only Weakness!! Front Camera is good but nothing Mind-blowing Crazy..  It tends to Crop too much in Front Camera Portrait Shots.I hope One Plus implement Wide Angle Video Recording..All I can say, It's Good Phone for 52K.. Value for Money.. But Market will be Competitive in May with Asus and Redmi New Launch. So if you can, Wait for 1 Month and Compare with Other Things.But If for Display, I will Choose this Phone Anyday over Upcoming Ones.. It's Best.... I think till Samsung Note 10, the One Plus Display will be Champion in Market.I didn't talk about 3.0 UFS storage cause everyday usage you won't see much difference.And Sorry for my Poor English!\n\n", '\n\n  Camera quality is not up to mark as per price range. There is Slow motion video recordering blanking problem. Picture clearly of 3 camera is poor. Avoid to Buy this Product.\n\n', "\n\n  Camera quality is almost same as 6T, which is worst, utterly flopped popup cameraDisplay of dark cell is very bad, M30 is much better than thisI don't know about this ram, without optimizing software, more power consumption which leads battery drains fast over multi tasking and produces heat.Finally oneplus is no more for mid range premium customers. 10k higher\n\n", '\n\n  After using 36 hrs am writing this review.Screen,sound ,build quality are just awesome.I found only few Cons. like-1.battery back up2. No type-C to 3.5 jack in box where it was available with 6T model.3. No headphone/earphone in box.after paying 48999 u can expect a pair of headphone\n\n', '\n\n  Phone is awesome but c connector for 3.5jack  not provided in box however in 6T they provide that same 7 pro is upgraded and high rate phone they should provide that same ! Really unhappy 😔 with OnePlus first time I purchased one plus phone and my expectations not meet !\n\n', "\n\n  It's Bulky in handit's not charging fast as they claiming 48% in 20 minsAnd it's get unusual temperature risedEar phone missed bcz now a day's all premium phone s will get good quality ear phone\n\n", '\n\n  phone is ok ..but battery drain very fast..Photo is good...the person who use more incoming and outgoing calls... This phone is not advisable.. then u carry Power bank or charger...1plus 6 is good , when you camper..Only for photo purpose is ok...I am really unhappy about charging point...after 4/months. This problem is coming.. charging is very slow... Not advisable.. I want return the product ... Charger is not locking inside...Wast of money.\n\n', "\n\n  I am using this product since 2 week and I'm impressed with the product in all the way.Thank you one plus.\n\n", '\n\n  I do not recieve Bluetooth earphone and car charger  in YouTube one plus 7 pro unboxing show Bluetooth earphone and car charger but i only receive phone\n\n', '\n\n  Display problem. After bought within one week\n\n', '\n\n  *SUPER ATTRACTIVE DISION*BOTH CAMERAS ARE SUPER*BATTERY LIFE IS GOOD*DELIVERY IS TOO LATE*BUT 1+  GIVE NO AUDIO JACK . THIS IS VERY DISAPPOINTED FOR ME*AUDIO QUALITY IS SUPER\n\n', "\n\n  Very first 30 minutes of using the mobile phone (Unboxed it), It started heating up, temperature went up to 43 Degrees,Battery started draining, GPS didn't pick the location. Later fingerprint sensor was responding... I have to use the phone pin to unblock.Even visited the service center in Banjara Hills, And they told me to recreate the scene, Due to heat I have switch off the device, Fear of It might explode. Later they said to use for another day and visit again. Device still heating up.. same issues, Didn't expect this from a flagship phone with a heavy price....Contacting amazon to return the device\n\n", '\n\n  "FLAGSHIP KILLER TO FLAGSHIP"UPDATE: Editing the review after using for more than 6 months, haven\'t faced any performance issue so far. Performance is top notch till date & now same device getting sold at 10k discount, so it\'s good buy.----------------------------Planning to buy OnePlus 7 Pro? Here\'s all in one review:Bought OnePlus 7 Pro in first sale, now using it from few days.Yeah! OnePlus 7 Pro priced little high.PRO\'S:- OnePlus 7 Pro\'s DISPLAY looks damn beautiful 😍 with 6.67 inch OLED fluid Amoled 1440p display which has 90 Hz refresh rate.- It comes with pre-applied screen protector.- In display fingerprint sensor is faster than OnePlus 6T.- Warp charger charges very fast, from 0-50 in just 20 minutes.- In Fanatic mode, games can be played butter smooth.- Can shoot video with 4k 30 fps with EIS, 4k 60 fps without EIS.- Cam2api enabled.- Snapdragon 855 gives best performance.- Oxygen OS is BEAST, smooth, bloatware & ad-free, lag free.- UFS 3.0 helps to improve performance.CON\'S:- Though, display looks beautiful with 90 Hz refresh rate, but because of that battery drains much faster, as result give Screen on time 4-5 hours. You can change it to 60 Hz to save battery.- Overpriced.- Camera is not up to mark to call Flagship, it is just AVERAGE. It can\'t even focus on near objects.- Device is heavy.- No IP rating, but according to few, it survives in water as well, but not tested personally 😛.- No wireless charging.- No headphone.FINAL VERDICT:- If OnePlus 7 Pro satisfies your requirement, buy it though it\'s little bit overpriced but still worth it.- If not 7 Pro, Samsung S10+ is also great choice.- Otherwise, if looking for low price phone, Flagship Killer 2.0 coming soon 😜Note: I\'ll update review, after using for few days.\n\n', "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0On the first day I am facing issue in setting and it's not opening having issue in WiFi connectivity...any more issue...\n\n", '\n\n  Good phone. But after paying 52k we expect least a headphones. Ggwp OnePlus. On YouTube while unboxing. They get Bluetooth headphones, car charger, 3 different covers. Really disappointed when I found no headphone in 7pro 8gb RAM 256gb ROM\n\n', '\n\n  First of all i am a die hard fan of one plus.I have one plus 5t one plus 6t and now a one plus 7 pro.Seriously very disappointed with the camera.Before one plus i was a mi fan.I have redmi note 3 and note 7.Selfie camera comparison of op 7 n redmi note 7.Redmi note 7 selfie camera is for better than op 7 pro.Op7 pro selfie camera shows ur face like a skin disease patient.Where as op5t and op6t had no issues like this.For this price range op should have included wireless charging.Waiting for a better camera update.\n\n', '\n\n  I generally use Apple iphone but this time I tried something different. I completely disappointed by using Oneplus 7 pro camera .iPhone 6 camera is more better than this. OIS and EIS is not working properly. There are so many UI issues as well in Oxygen OS.Phone is quite Bulky and not able to handle by using single hand. I wasted 53k to buy this phone. I never buy any product of OnePlus in future.\n\n', "\n\n  What a gem of a smart device! Absolutely incredible.Bit heavy, and SD 855 keeps rolling as it reduces battery drainage unbelievably, i didn't expect that.And look at the price, Oh ho man...! it helps us saving atleast 20k, you know what i mean...😉\n\n", "\n\n  Heating as hell, poor battery backup. Camera is not good. And it's heavy. Don't feel effect of Dolby Atmos.Pro- just it's screen.I will update after further usage.Update after 1 week, heating issue gone. Facing WhatsApp and YouTube application's frequent crash. Camera quality is still an issue, it's good but not up to the mark of flagship.Update- pro-1. fingerprint sensor + face unlock is fast.2. night camera is really good3. video recording is stable.con-1. During calls there is a whistling sound.2. sometimes touch is not working properly in whatsapp,vlc, youtube, asphalt 8 etc.3. selfie camera is not upto mark4. phone is hanging after first update.\n\n", "\n\n  I have been using this phone for about last 4 days and the best part about this phone is the display it's truly gorgeous once you start using 1440P 90Hz display I bet you won't even feel using the 1080p display and the cherry on the top is its OLED black is black and all the colours looks just so great that it makes viewing experience like you are sitting in a IMAX.Alright enough about the display now speaking about the camera I think over the updates oneplus will improve it but still as of today it's still performs quite well in well lit environment but it underperfoms in low light environment however nightscape mode works quite well but I hope for the oneplus improvvs it over the updates.Under producing selfie camera performs well and I really like that it has a free fall detection which is like and insurance for your phoneSpeaking about the battery if you're going to game then I guess you will get around 4 hours of screen on time on 1440 p at 90 hz but if you are going to use this phone as a daily driver then it can get you through all the day I charge my phone at 7 in the morning and when I came back home at around 12 o'clock at the night I still had around 20% battery left so it's quite good for me.Other Interesting features like the processor of this phone the beauty of this phone and the glass back and its display is just Cherry on the top.In conclusion this is by far the best phone I have ever bought if you are going to buy any phone at around 50k price. Then definitely go for this and I think 8GB RAM variant is good enough I don't know why they made 12 GB variant\n\n", "\n\n  First time I have purchased one plus phone (one plus 7 pro) but my experience is very bad due to phone camera quality and battery life. Pictures are blur and camera can't focus on subject, pictures showing good in camera before clicking but after click picture goes blur. I have done every troubleshooting but problem is still same. Battery also work for 4-5 hours. So I want to return it. Because I have spent a very big amount on this phone but I am very disappointed by Amazon and one plus.\n\n", "\n\n  Very bad product, many functions doesn't work, I have OnePlus 5 and I didn't feel any issue with my old phone till now, don't buy, you will regret, and also Amazon support won't help you at all, they are even more worst 😡😡😡\n\n", "\n\n  One of the best phones I have used, be it android or iOS.The performance is buttery smooth, compared side by side with a Oneplus 6T, and 90hz display really makes a hell lot of difference.Updated to the 9.5.4 available while writing the review, and the battery life is awesome, getting 6 hrs screen on time with 90hz display. Camera is decent, just put the GCam, and it becomes a versatile camera option to shoot in different scenarios.Warp charging is the highlight and really charges the phone pretty quick, I don't miss my dash charging even with this huge battery.The haptic motor is finally really good, and now typing and other small tasks gives that satisfying vibrations.Stereo speakers are of really good quality and they are loud and clear.As for the headphone jack and adapter, everyone should know that before getting this device, spending ₹50k for a device without prior research is your mistake. Sure they should have given atleast an adapter, but it's no reason to give this one star.Overall, really awesome device, much better than the exynos galaxy that we get here in India.\n\n", "\n\n  One plus 7 pro is sold at a higher price and the device doesn't justify that, with no headphone jack and a dismal battey life i would suggest to wait for one plus 7. They don't include type - c to 3.5 jack connector in the box. WHEN I SAY THAT BATTERY LIFE IS POOR I SERIOUSLY MEAN IT. you barely get 4 hrs on time with the screen with 90hz, they have included 60hz option in the settings but which fool would change from 90 to 60hz ? the 90hz will spoil you and you will NEVER go back to 60hz screen. As i said the mobile overall is average not bad. They have provided a WARP charger which charges like crazy fast which will somehow 'compensate' a bad battery ?  NO  There were numerous occasions where i had to charge 3-4 times a day of heavy usage. The WARP charger charges the device to 50% in 20 min which is the only reason why i haven't gone for refund, really.As for the camera, it's 'average' for a flagship device. One plus pro are a premium rage smartphones which aims to compete with flagships, it isn't a 'flagship killer' but a 'flagship contender'The photos on bright sunlight and good lighting are good but fally horribly bad on low lighting and night time. So dismal.Some neat features in this device is that it is really smart , the sensors are top notch and detect the phone movement so scarily accurate . For example when you life the device from the table or a bed or whatever the sensors detect the movement and the screen lights up for you to check for notifications, note that this isn't because the front cam detects your 'ugly' face because the front cam is neatly sealed inside the device and it pops up when you need to take a selfie or a face recognition unlock with help of a magnetic motor. The device's screen is good not great i don't understand why there is a huge fuss around it.One more thing i have noted is that the vibrating motor in this device is very top class, they have clearly put a lot of effort in perfecting it, you can set the vibration intensity to match you satisfaction, be careful though if it is too high, when the mobile vibrates you too vibrate along with it :)I , thus conclude by stating that this device is a very 'average' 'smart' phone with a good screen which also happends to be a flagship for one plus company.\n\n", '\n\n  I am very disappointed with one plus there are no wireless charging and earphones with the phone in 53k u must go with 26k-55k vivo Samsung or apple also they giving you this standard Assesories with the phone.about hand set phone screen resolution is perfect 👌camera is perfect and design also perfect 👌\n\n', "\n\n  Before going to buy this product let me tell some truth... Camera is at it's worst, after buying this  phone  I got 2 updates and last one specific for camera  but still it's same as before after updateScreen quality  just like a normal lcd panel phone , I switched from pixel XL but that was my biggest mistake I can say that.Now the funniest thing is my phone's front camera taking 15-20 second to popup and Amazon tech support says that's normal 😁😁. Amazon says no return policy is there for this phone so yeah you are going to regret after buying this piece of junk, don't listen to the YouTubbers they are just paid for that. I am writing this review after 10 days of use.\n\n", "\n\n  Phone is like a brick. Very heavy. I mean you can't talk without headphones. Interesting thing is one plus calling this premium phone. They have the audacity to give this phone without earphone and any kind of adapter from type c to 3.55. Thats arrogance at it's best. Basically you are stuck and spend whole lot of money for Bluetooth ear phone. Only saving grace of this phone is performance. Ui is not great and very old. Vivo has better ui than this phone. Buy if you want to shell out extra money for simple things like adapter and all.  It is not water resistant too. No it's rating. This is my first and last one plus.\n\n", "\n\n  The product was received in good packaging condition.. The phone is awesome except that the selfie popup camera isn't working.. It refuses to come out & instead an error message pops up for the camera..\n\n", "\n\n  An absolute fun loving futuristic Beast phone ever made by OnePlus.Thumbs Up👍:1. Fluid Amoled: Top notch quality display similar to Samsung Dynamic Amoled.2. 90Hz Refresh rate: Butter Smooth experience, Best for gaming! 🎳3. Full screen Display:  There is no distractions like notch or pinch hole camera. Breathtaking 😍 Viewing experience with HDR10+.📺4. Triple Camera Setup: Ultra wide(117°)+ Wide + Telephoto.🎥5. Dolby Atmos: Crystal clear Surround sound 🔊6. Popup Camera: Interesting Camera 📷set up which eliminated notch on Display and it is sturdy.7. World's First phone to have UFS 3.0.Thumbs Down:👎1: I felt like screen is too big, it could have been between 6.3 - 6.4 instead of 6.67 inch.2.  Price: I had to pay Rs.16000💰 more Just for full screen Display (UHD+, 90Hz+ Bezelless), 300mAh more battery and for an Extra Telephoto camera.3. Little bit thicker & hefty: 206grams🏋️ compared to OnePlus7 weighing about 182grams.Will update my detailed review on OnePlus 7pro after One Month of usage.\n\n", '\n\n  I completely Loved the display quality , sound quality , finger print sensor , Pop up camera, wide angle , 3x zoom and night scape camera. I disappointed a bit by not having a 3.5 mm ear phone jack. Coming to the story of battery life one plus 7 pro is 4000 milliamp which is having 9 hrs 45 minutes battery life where as one plus 6t is 3700 milliamp which is having 10 hrs battery life . I was disappointed with this too. I was totally stunned by the speediness of fingerprint sensor absolutely stunned .  I think everything is fine with the New one plus 7 pro and I am absolutely and delightfully enjoying the experience of New one plus 7 pro . Basically I am a movie lover. I am enjoying the HD movies like I am watching in movie theater. Dolby Atmos sound quality adds this phone to become high priority than others .\n\n', "\n\n  Definitely worth every single Penny spent on it. The display and performance are absolutely mind blowing. Camera may not be the best but it's still top class. The phone isn't as big as people would think it is. It's actually pretty sleek and feels nice in the hands as it isn't very broad. The battery performance is commendable given the 90hz refresh rate and the QHD display. Would easily last a day on normal usage. Although, Heavy users would require around half an hour of charging. Warp charge is super fast, you won't even realise how quickly your phone charges after you plug it in. Oxygen works buttery smooth and as a first time user of this UI, I'm liking it quite a lot. Gaming is wonderful too, absolutely smooth, beautiful and lag free. The accompanying phone cover is good too, it just gets smudged by finger prints though. As someone who watched reviews of different phones and was well versed with what I was buying, I'm enjoying every second of using this phone.Most of the reviewers here are complaining about not receiving headphones and extra covers and a screen guard with bubbles, it's absolutely absurd. You should atleast look over what you're buying first thoroughly, and any reasonable man would have easily found out what he's get in the box and what he's not getting. These illiterate people buy stuff without knowing anything and then expect candies in the damn box and when they don't get it, write negative reviews which influence other queer buyers. It's highly unfortunate.For all those looking for the best performing Device available right now, go for it, if you can compromise with the headphone jack (get a 3.5mm to c type cable and problem solved). Everything from the looks and feel to the performance of the phone is amazing. You'll feel that you're holding a flagship masterpiece every second you're holding this phone. It's easily the best phone in it's price range hands down.\n\n", '\n\n  SO this phone is probably the best Android phone till date and even better than ios ehen it comes to camera and speed❤️I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PHONE FROM PAST 2 DAYS FOLLOWING ARE THE PROS-1)NO LAG IN GAMING2) ULTIMATELY FAST CHARGING3) THE EDGES ON SCREEN GIVE PREMIUM FEELING4) DUAL SPEAKERS ARE SERIOUSLY USEFUL5) THE TOUCH AND DISPLAY IS VERY SMOOTH6) CAMERA IS A BEAST BOTH FRONT AND BACK CAMERAFOLLOWING ARE CONS-NONE XD AS A CONCLUSION--THE SPEED IS UNMATCHABLE-IN HAND FEEL IS VERY PREMIUM-CAMERA WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN-WARP CHARGING IS VERY QUICKHOPE THIS HELPS🙂❤️\n\n', "\n\n  Battery is a weak.. Needs to charge twice a dayAnd apps also keep crashing... In between...Thr is a bug in which lock screen ambient light won't work sumtimes\n\n", "\n\n  Didn't received Bluetooth headphone and car charger with mobile. As it was told in the launch event that one plus seven will give both these products with package.\n\n", "\n\n  I didn't believe the reviewers. I bought the phone. And now I don't like any other phones except OnePlus 7 Pro.90Hz - It's madness. Imagine this - Drinking alcohol is injurious to health, but if you drink it you'll feel good. Right? 90Hz would give you the best smartphone experience, but it drains some more battery compared to 60Hz. Moderate drinking is perfectly fine; charging the phone 2 times a day is fine too. (I'm a heavy user)Warp charger - Charges the phone at remarkable speeds. If you're a previous OnePlus user, you won't find much of a difference.Camera - Definitely the best, in accordance with pricing.Everything else - as accurate as in the product description.My favorite retarded reviews :*Someone was upset that he couldn't find a 'OnePlus backpack' and a 'OnePlus water bottle' in the package.*Someone was upset that he found an air bubble under the phone's screen guard.\n\n", "\n\n  Big issue with touchscreen..when I try n write it starts video call on wattsapp.. I am trying to write a review the page is closing automatically. After spending 50k if you face such issues, it's disappointing.. I don't know if this issue is because I ordered from Amazon.. I will not recommend this phone to anyone.. I want to return this n want a good phone in working condition or else my refund.\n\n", '\n\n  I was a follower of OnePlus but after this phone I am not going to by OnePlus phones anymore. I got screen burning on multiple spots on this phone.Those people call it a gaming phone & when I play games for couple of hours a day it gets screen burning....so what kind of gaming phone is this.I bought Samsung Tab S6 for gaming....this phone just remain as yet another phone\n\n', "\n\n  Very disappointed with the product performance and battery life. It's taking more than an hour for full charge in switch off mode and also drains of in just 8 hours. The very new phone started hanging. Is this is what expected from one plus. I need a replace for this phone\n\n", "\n\n  I was waiting for this now when i have this in my hands it's just awesome, super design, perfect camera like all models of one plus.A phone from flagship killer to flagship.If anyone really looking to have feel of premium phone then go for it.It's been two days i am using this phone and all good till now, battery, display, speed, sound everything is perfect.\n\n", '\n\n  OnePlus 7pro the best mobile iam using more than 20 mobiles but this mobile is great performance camera performance is the best screen quality is very impressive thanks OnePlus and Amazon ones again\n\n', "\n\n  OnePlus 6T was among the fastest Android ever and this time OnePlus has truly gone beyond speed to make one of the best phones of 2019.Pros-1. Display. The major pro is the damn smooth 90 Hz refresh rate along with QHD+ screen. It's as smooth as a butter!2. Ram Boost - The phone learns your behaviour like which apps you use most and accordingly allocates ram towards it making the phone even faster.3. Speed. Nothing to say about this. It's blazing fast.4. Warp charging. The phone gets charged upto 50% in about half an hour and completely in about 75 minutes.5. Completely stoked with the battery after a heavy usage of 9.5 hour screen time with playing games for 2 hours and using Netflix for 7 hours in a single charge.Cons-1. Including camera here for the time being until a major update comes our and improves the camera firmware. As of now, not a flagship camera by miles.2. Lack of IP rating, not that it matters to me. The phone's tested enough in water.3. Lack of wireless charging. Again, not felt as a con because of warp charging, but still.Conclusion: If you can wait for a while for the camera to be improved and don't mind the above cons, definitely go for it. Nebula Blue is a beauty!\n\n", '\n\n  I\'ve been using the phone for a week now and the only thing I hate about this phone is the camera. Dear OnePlus, please sort out this asap. The camera is not what you expect for the price and the image processing is "bitter" this time.Except for that single thing, This phone is the snappiest one yet released in 2019 and they have done no compromise with the display. The 90Hz display is just mind-blowing and I can guarantee you that once you get adjusted to those curved sides of the display, you won\'t take your eyes off it.Then there are some minor bugs which will be sorted out later on with updates. The phone feels great in the hands even though people claims it to be a bit heavier than other flagships. But I personally love the feel of the phone in my hands, it\'s just a solid feel. The buttons are placed perfectly in this phone, you won\'t accidentally hit any buttons on either sides.If you have the money to spend, this is the best choice as of today and if you\'re preferring the best camera phone in a budhet, go for Pixel 3a and if the price is not a problem for you there are several other phones in the market.Don\'t worry about the missing ip rating and the fact that this phone doesn\'t have wireless charging feature, the warp charge doess all justice to you.The fingerprint has improved so much that it\'s almost as fast as a conventional scanner.Yes, you\'re going to miss the face unlock feature. It\'s still there but it\'s not worth your time.So overall, go get this device after keeping this information in mind.There\'s one more thing I noticed in another review here in the Amazon page, that a customer saying that he didn\'t recieve the wireless bullets and two extra cases as seen in many review videos on youtube. Please, those are the review packages that youtubers get to review the phone. The in box contents are clearly given in the description, so please don\'t underrate the phone due to these reasons.Hope you have a great time enjoying this phone. Just go for it.\n\n', "\n\n  Camera quality is normal,Mobile is more weighted in hands,suddenly my call log didn't work properly,night mode does not looks best as well with slowmotion video in low light is worst.battery is better and also the wrap charger doesn't give us wow experience of we are already using dash chargers. Sound is awesome with dual output speakers top and bottom,Mobile finger print sensor is jaw dropping faster.\n\n", "\n\n  Bought on 17th May, worked well for a week, since last 2 days ph not functioning properly, getting hanged. irratic response at time. Can't pick up call , apps switching automatically.Never believe this can happen with  such a brand and such high end Mobile.\n\n", '\n\n  I have tried twice to explain what issues I am facing with this phone but the Amazon call centre are not accepting it. They are just trying to ignore the issues. I want the phone to be replaced at any cost. Other phones which is 7 pro itself which is being charged in 30 mins and my phone is taking more then an hour to charge the phone. batter draines like a China Redmi phone. I am using 5T OnePlus which is getting fast charging then this pro phone and battery is not drained at all. This phone gets more then an hour plus the phone is getting HEATED ALOT WHILE CHARGING AND WHILE THE BATTERY BEING USED IN APPLICATION LIKE WHATSAPP. BATTERY GETS BADLY DRAINED AND ITS ALSO GETTING HEATED UP WHILE USING APPLICATION. THE APPLICATION WHICH AMAZON ASKED ME TO INSTALL I INSTALLED AND I SAW ITS RATING ON PLAYSTORE. PEOPLE ARE YELLING ON THE APPLICATION WHICH IS BEING USED TO CHECK THE PHONE the BLANCCO. I am seriously not interested in using this phone. REFUND ME MY MONEY BACK OR ELSE SEND A NEW PHONE TO ME. AMAZON PEOPLE ARE FOOLISHLY TELLING ME TO USE THE PHONE ON POWER SAVING MODE. I AM NOT AT ALL A FOOL TO SPEND 53000 FOR SUCH HEATED UP PHONE. REPLACE THE PHONE OR ELSE GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK. I AM WRITING THIS WITHIN THE PERIOD TO REPLACEMENT AND I HAVE TRIED THE CALL CENTRE TWICE. REPLACE ME THE PHONE WITH NEW ONE OR ELSE SEND ME MY MONEY BACK.\n\n', '\n\n  Upgraded from my OnePlus 6 just a few days back after using OnePlus 6 for about 10 months or so.Initial observation :1. QHD screen is just gorgeous with 90 Hz refresh rate.2. No notch whatsoever.3. Near Stock Android experience.4. OP is great in pushing updates regularly which is a rare thing even with Samsung\'s flagship phones.Pro\'s :1.  QHD screen is just gorgeous with 90 Hz refresh rate.2. Near Stock Android experience with some very useful features like screen recorder, ability to switch between QHD & FHD+, etc3. Fast Charging (coutsey OPPO\'s VOOC Charge 3).4. Good ROM options.5. ZEN mode to log you out of the smartphone for 20 minutes.6. Full screen without a notch makes video streaming a great experience.7. Apps open fast, really fast.8. Pop Up camera is really fast during face recognition. Many times you may not even notice that the POP UP camera really came out of the slot retracted. It\'s that fast.CON\'s :1. Battery drain gets hampered if you run it in QHD with 90 Hz refresh rate.2. Camera is not up to the mark as compared to OnePlus 6 apart from the options of wide angle. (maybe software update will improve its usability, perticularly while shooting videos in wide angle).3 Camera clicks 12 MP shots in default mode. Night mode is so-so but don\'t compare it with Pixel 3, Pixel 3XL or even with Pixel 3a XL. Pixel is way ahead in terms of resolution perticularly in night mode.4. Day time photos are much better when compared to OnePlus 6 perticularly where good light is not an issue. Photography during "conference" might be tricky. This is where Pixel will overshadow all other smartphones.5. This is a big phone in the territory of a tablet. Handling it might be a bit difficult for some. Single hand use is not advisable.Will update after a few more days of use.UPDATE AFTER A FEW MORE DAYS OF USAGE :Most of the users of OnePlus 7 Pro (as per the reviews) would be happy with budget handset like Redmi or Realme as they are either using OnePlus 7 Pro for the sake of it or to play games. Whether your handset has 2GB RAM free or not has nothing to do with the performance. What makes a difference is the availability of RAM for a perticular task. RAM management is very good like all the previous OnePlus devices.IPhone XS Max also doesn\'t give a headset or even a dongle to use it with 3.5 mm headphone jack but people do buy iPhone without thinking twice. Iphone doesn\'t even give fast charging brick in the box. When people can spend a lack of rupees for a brand why complain about OnePlus 7 Pro.Call quality of OP 7 Pro is good. Even video calling over Whatsapp and Skype is good.It\'s a pleasure using OnePlus 7 Pro for creating Word documents, PPT\'s, Excel Sheets on the go. These apps use a lot of battery and RAM. Adobe Reader is just fluid. RAM management while using these apps and switching between them is just beautiful and seamless.Will update after a few more days......As expected, OnePlus released an update on the general performance and camera issue.Camera quality is quite subjective and uncontrollable since everyone can capture an awful photo in a random scenario. Even though the photo is not quite bad technically, there is always someone giving negative opinion only for the reason that he likes more appealing photo style. Every time when there is a photo sent to us due to negative feedback, our engineers are requested to find the same light condition and object of same color and texture to simulate the photo in order to reproduce the same problem. You can imagine the time and workload needed for fixing every single problem, not to mention the dozens of photos we got from all over the world everyday. We hope you guys could understand and allow us more time keep working on the camera.ONEPLUS COMMUNITY LISTENS....\n\n', '\n\n  Touch is not working properly\n\n', "\n\n  Amazing phone I have never given reviews about anything on internet but after reading some bad comments insisted me to write one good comment. Guys don't know people are mad or there luck is too bad that they have received some dabba but in one line I can garrentee you .... That u can't find better phone then this. I have used iPhone Samsung Sony Nokia redmi oppo but after using  one plus specially 7 pro I can't think I would buy some other phone.Best of the best\n\n", '\n\n  There are air bobbles on the screen , request has been placed for return, let see what they would suggest\n\n', "\n\n  Camera quality is awful. Not worth buying. Can't even return the product\n\n", "\n\n  Brought a phone @53K it's Heats a lot.....even in normal use it's become 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 .... There's no option for return Amazon... Say download the app n that app is completely useless it shows 42° as normal temperature really disappoint  one should go with another brand Google pixel or iPhone\n\n", "\n\n  Please don't buy it now, it is not picking up the network time. Maybe a software issue and Amazon would be sending a technician today but they wouldn't replace or refund it.\n\n", '\n\n  display- 5 starlook- 4 starprocessor- no need to be ratedbattery- 4 star. more thn my expectations at qhd nd 90hzgood sound not one of d best stereo speakers\n\n', "\n\n  Got it in a day, and have been using it for a day, till now the experience is quite good, here are the pros and cons I noticed-Pros-1. The display is absolutely amazing 90Hz refresh rate makes everything make more fluid, plus the HDR support is a good feature since they are tying up with Netflix to bring HDR content, although some apps have not used the curves at top and bottom of the screen properly.2. The phone is fast and I mean damn fast, thanks to the Qualcomm SD 855.3. Battery life lasts about a day with medium use, with heavy use with QHD and 90Hz kept on, the battery drains fast. But  with the WRAP30 charger it charges pretty fast.4. The UFS3.0 storage is very fast.5. The phone design looks good, one of the best looking smartphones with a glass back.Cons-1. The biggest con is it has no headphone jack AND no USB-C to 3.5mm converter or USB-C headphone is provided with this, so you have to shell out extra bucks for that.2. The upcoming OnePlus 7 still has SD855 and 48MP processor, although it costs about 32999.3. The camera is nothing unique for a flagship, but still captures good photo even in lowlight.4. No wireless charging.5. No official water proof rating.6. It's very slippery due to the glass back, so if you've tendency of dropping phones definitely get a cover. Although finger smudges are easy to clean on it unlike the Google Pixel.Over all it's great phone and one can go for it.\n\n", '\n\n  Review after a week of using:Display:It\'s as good as it gets. Super AMOLED with 90Hz refresh rate. The colours are vivid and contents are crisp, also, with the video enhancement ratio turned on, the contrast ratio is really kicking in. However, you do not get a Samsung or Apple level display but at this price point, this is a steal.Display Rating - 9/10.Sound:Dolby Atmos gives you the stereo sound that OnePlus has promised and it makes you feel immersed in whatever video you\'re watching or game you\'re playing with addition to the full screen display. However, it\'s not the best sound I\'ve heard on a phone, but it\'s much better than a lot of phones. And also, it doesn\'t have "equal" amplitude of sound coming out of both speakers. The bottom one is more powerful, probably because it\'s the main speaker for ringtones. Overall, it\'s a good speaker for normal users, for audiophiles - not so great.Sound rating - 8/10Camera:When I first turned the camera on, my mind was blown, probably because of the cheerleading effect of the high quality AMOLED display, but even so, it put up competition with devices that took photo with Google Camera Mod or even the Google Pixel\'s camera as well. In some cases it was great, in some it was lacking. Overall, the dynamic range is great but not the best. The colours are more true to life, and in the normal / auto camera mode it offers an image of size 12MP. True 48MP images can be taken with the pro mode, and if you can set your camera up properly, you can take amazing photos of the milky way and stars, so it\'s a powerful camera. The Ultra-Wide camera needs some work done as the details look washed out on the pictures taken Ultra-Wide angle lens. The telephoto lens does its job well up to 3x zoom, but it does produce a tad bit of noise. And the night mode is especially good, it preserves the highlights and details and also lightens up the shadows during very challenging conditions. Amazing night mode. And as for selfies, yes, it\'s amazing, offering upto 16MP including the precise edge detection in portrait mode of both the back and front, the cameras are great. The OnePlus 7 Pro offers video recording of upto 4K 60FPS which is great and offers slow mo video of upto 240fps in 720p. However, there was a really annoying little problem, which was shutter lag, that\'s probably because of the software and I hope OnePlus improves that. Otherwise some pictures might be ruined because of it. Overall the camera is decent, and not the best.Camera Rating: 8/10Fingerprint Scanner: Even though it\'s an optical image fingerprint sensor in the age of newly invented ultrasonic fingerprint scanner, it\'s fast. Not as much as the physical ones but it\'s definitely the fastest optical fingerprint sensor I\'ve ever used. And the animation looks cool.Fingerprint scanner rating: 9/10UI: OxygenOS is the best UI you can get from a company. It is definitely smooth, fast and easy to use and doesn\'t look like a bootleg Android and at least it doesn\'t annoy people with bloatwares and advertisements in the utility apps. It has a lot of features and is highly customizable.UI Rating: 10/10Build: As much sexy as it looks, the OnePlus 7 Pro is fragile if it falls from your hands. Although glass looks premium and feels premium, I\'d rather prefer a metal aluminium body. However, with the addition of curved display, a mechanical camera and the glass back, I\'m in love with the design. It is definitely one of it\'s major selling points. The only other con is the lack of headphone jack, but it would have been consider if OnePlus would have at least included a pair of type-C headphones or at least a type-C to 3.5mm headphone jack converter. Keep up the good work, OnePlus!Build rating: 8/10Hardware: The OnePlus 7 Pro rocks a Snapdragon 855 chipset with Adreno 640, and everything you run on this device from games to Antutu 3D benchmarks, everything runs as smooth as butter with no fps drop or stuttering whatsoever, and doesn\'t heat up very much as well. However it still doesn\'t surpass a lot of phones if you match the scores.Hardware rating: 9/10In the Box content: In the box you get a 30W Warp Charge supported charging block with cool red type C cable to charge your phone, a flexible rubber case which is a good addition, some papers with a letter from Pete Lau but unfortunately not type-C to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter or type-C headphones. Huge disappointment.In the Box contents rating: 7/10So overall, we can conclude the OnePlus 7 Pro is a fantastic device but the price could have been at least 3K INR less, even after considering the lack of headphones or the converter, and to retain its title of "Flagship Killer". Unfortunately, OnePlus has lost it.Overall Rating: 8.5/10\n\n', '\n\n  Was one of the first people to order on Amazon. Upgraded from OP6 and there is a few things for which I believe upgrading was worth all money. First, the "fluid amoled" display with 90hz refresh rate.. I tell you, if you are a gamer, you will never use a 60HZ display again. The new stereo system and the vibrating motors are good. My biggest concern is the curved display which looks nice but prone to damage. Moreover, if you play PUBG and other such games and use claw setup, the edges may be a problem and you\'ll need quite some time to adjust. Another concern is, I did not receive a splitter or headphone adapter with my box... No one wants to use a 3rd party splitter with this phone because I don\'t believe there\'s any available on the market which can handle their wrap charger. The splitter will cost around 400 INR which is OK, but them not including as a part of the box is an indication that one plus is going through a phase of transition from being a customer oriented brand towards an authoritarian like the big players(Samsung, apple etc.) I fear op7 pro is the last phone from them I\'ll be able to buy :(\n\n', "\n\n  Ordered this on 16th and got it 20th. Don't know why??This phone doesn't have headphone Jacks but it's a Bluetooth one. Oneplus should have provided it but they haven't. But on unboxing vedio which are available shows they provide 2 covers n Bluetooth headset as well. Nothing phadu is available in this phone. If you want then u can opt for something else.Apart from this, phone is almost like 6t but yes no lags at all. Average quality camera, good selfies. Gaming is cool.I like it because it is so smooth but not worth of 52k.\n\n", "\n\n  I was an apple fanboy since 2007. I had used every iPhone that got released in the market till iPhone X (not iPhone XS).  Since I got bored with the same OS for so many number of years, one fine day I decided to try android (keeping aside my ethical reservations about it, since it was an stolen OS as per late Steve Jobs)  and bought an Android AMOLED Phone (to test whether I can thrive on android eco system) which had an on screen finger print scanner.  Strangely, I started liking that android phone  since it had an iOS feel and used it for more  than 6 months.By then I was quite confident that I can rely on an android phone without any regrets and started looking for a flagship phone that can match to iPhone, in terms of Overall User Experience. While Galaxy S10 was one of the obvious choice, I was some how not happy with it(may be due to Apple Vs Samsung Long term dispute) , but  then  the OPP7 got released. :-)I waited and bought 12GB RAM+256GB Storage Phone on Amazon. Before I bought this phone I had read through many reviews online and got really worried about issues posted about this phone,  like ghost display, Mediocre Camera, bad call quality etc etc. Also many reviews for this phone on the  Amazon ltself was not good.  Still I stuck to my decision of buying this phone and let me tell you that I am extremely proud of my decision.Once I got this phone then it simply turned out to be an outstanding phone and completely changed my perceptions about stock android experience. Now I would want to say that it is one of the best phones in the market. While there are many good features as well few shortfalls on this phone,  end of the day the overall user experience is something that I liked utmost.My key take aways about the phone are- I am awestruck with the edge to edge, QHD AMOLED Display with 90 Hz refresh rates and the curved display. You can view everything at  best on this phone.- 12 Gigs RAM keeps the phone blazing fast on all the games I downloaded, of course Snapdragon 855 is an extremely efficient CPU.- Camera: While this was one of the concerns reported utmost by all in the reviews, with the latest software update I would want to say that I could make great photographs with both  48 pixel normal camera as well as with the pop-up Front facing camera. I simply loved the pictures I took on this phone and I am quite confident that it matches to the quality of iPXs Max even at the low light conditions (ensure for latest software updates). The 4k Video captures are great delight.- Warp charge: Can't belive that it took less than hour to charge my phone from less than 5 to 100 %. I have to say Kudos.- Oxygen OS: Simply minimalistic, yet very beautiful. One Plus team has paid every attention to the detail in building this OS. All my need for using a Gesture based OS is completely taken care.- Speakers: Great Stereo speaker alignment with Dolby Atmos experience. While it sounds great, I would want to say that it is not the best audio experience. However there are no regrets.- Build Quality: Overall build quality is absolute wonderful. I loved that buttery touch whether on the screen or on the back.- Weight: That 206 gm of weight in the hand made me to feel that it is a worthy and reliable phone and not just another one of the bunch in the market.- Pre-applied screen guard: Very Happy about it. At least it is not tamper prone out of box. Same logic for the free case that ensures that my device is safe, atleast initially.- Size: While I have seen many complaints about the giagantic size of this phone, my take on it is that it is simply fine. After all for the greater user experience we do need a good screen size phone.- Notifications: Let me tell you that I am extremely particular about the efficiency of notifications from SMS and Whatsapp messages. While my earlier android phone is not efficient as iPhone in this aspect, OP7P had ensured this to me. Very greatful!!Area of Improvements- Battery life: Unless we are concious about managing battery life, it may not lost long especially with the 90 Hz screen refresh rates- No Wireless Charging: Personally I damn care about it. I never used that feature in my iPhone X. But still a drawback.- No Headphone: Exactly same as above. Something not worry much with many bluetooth headphone options. I have paired my Airpod and it works simply great.- No IP Rating: I am very much sure that this phone is splash resistant as well  water resistant for minimal time and I am extremely happy with it. After all I am not a professional swimmer with the intent to use this phone underwater. (with all due respect to the swimmmers)Few aspects about my purchase from Amazon:- Concept of guaranteed price for phones from Amazon was very useful for me. I exchanged my recently bought first android phone and got a good value for exchange- Interest free EMI and discount on my SBI card made me to feel happy- Almost same day delivery of the phone. What else I can ask for.Finally I would want to say that I am not paid by any one (especially by OPO) to write this review but it is an honest user experience by a tech enthusiast.  Still, for any questions, please feel free to write a reply to this post and I will try to respond it asap.\n\n", "\n\n  I love itI got a screen on time of 6hrs in my first charge itself, battery life will only improve from here and my other concern was the camera, I was pleasantly surprised here it's a good camera but you have to adjust your expectations it's not pixel or p30pro good, in good light you can take some very detailed images , everything else it just works and it's no small thing , the whole experience of using this phone feels refined. I'll list out some pros and cons as wellPros1. Display is awesome and the curve is not bothering me at all2. The speakers get plenty loud and sound pretty good for a smartphone speaker3. It didn't feel too heavy to me and I enjoy the big display4. Charging is really fast and so is the UI5. Main cameraCons1.Could have priced it a bit more competitively\n\n", "\n\n  Good and awesome experience in one plus 7 proGood battery lifeGood cameraGood for pubgBig screen and sound quality is also goodWorking in good condition let's see... I used this almost 10 days suddenly my wake screen and double tap to wake the screen is not working properly\n\n", '\n\n  late Sound problem while pubg  using wireless earphonesNot problem in one plus 6t..\n\n', "\n\n  I ordered one plus 7 pro with great hopes and excitement. It was my 1st high end phone, hence i was expecting it to be a long lasting and reliable gadget.  Little did i know, that i will recieve a defective product. Within 1 month of purchase, its touchscreen went totally non responsive. Though screen was replaced at OnePlus store free of cost, it caused a great deal of mental stress for me. I thought my troubles  are over now, but it was not to be. After 2 months again, its screen suffered total blackout, and phone became practically dead. Due to nation wide lockdown, I have been unable to get to OnePlus service centre until now, but will do so very soon now. I expect One Plus to replace my piece with a brand new set.Also i would like to express my disappointment with Amazon. Just because you are providing great discounts on electronic items, it doesn't meant that you can deliver faulty products. You lose the customer's confidence that way. You should take the matter up with OnePlus team and resolve my issue ASAP.Replacing the set with with a new one will show your sincerity towards your customers, otherwise your reputation will suffer.\n\n", "\n\n  Hi Team,I would like to bring this to your attention that the warp charger is charging really slow and not at all upto the mark. I am not sure if it has been changed during delivery or it was packaged like that. Although I am really happy with the phone's performance and battery life however the charger is not upto the mark. I charged my phone with my sister's dash charger and it charged my phone almost 3 times faster than warp charger.If possible, please pass it to the oneplus team or look into the delivery process.Thanks & Regards,Sahban khan\n\n", "\n\n  Settings are not working quick gestures features are not working ambient display features not workingFor replace no appointments are available  according to warp charger phone doesn't gets charged in 20minutes\n\n", '\n\n  Everything was cool but felt missing abt in box accessories could have provided type c to 3.5mm converter along in the box\n\n', '\n\n  Battery life is worst , worst.Edit. It improved a lot due to software releases\n\n', '\n\n  My wait for this phone is finally over. Received the phone in good condition. OnePlus7 pro has a Beautiful large screen resolution, great camera and incredible processor speed... Also a bigger battery backup with warp charge.\n\n', '\n\n  Amazing job OnePlus ..... An excellent phone with no bezels and the amazing screen that is smooth to work with .....Amazon thanks for delivering my phone overnight as that was some speedy work ..\n\n', '\n\n  Slightly heavy to carry.. great buy with top of the line specifications.. excellent camera.. found it a bit slower than one plus 6 I used... perhaps improve with updates and AI..\n\n', '\n\n  Macro mode ?\n\n', '\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa01) No wireless headset provided,2) Very poor slow motion recording.it keeps on flickering even after recording.No support from Amazon team.\n\n', "\n\n  Okay, so I will get straight to the pros and cons of this phone. I upgraded from 6T and let me share how well it stood up to my expectations in almost every aspect. My review will contain overall and a camparison with 6T.Pros1. Best display ever in a smartphone no doubt. 90hzQuad HD+ display seriously spoila you to an extent that you no longer wish to go back to 60hz.2. Build quality is purely flagship. It looks way beautiful than one plus 6T and it does feels super premium.3. Stereo speakers are a game changer. Loud and crisp noise as compared to one plus 6T and is definitely a demanding feature in a flagship.4. 30 watt WARP charge is a cherry on top. I had no complaint with Dash charge and it makes my experience even more better with Warp charge.5. Camera is very good as compared to one plus 6T and trust me, it won't let you down. Camera on 6T was just a crap.6. You don't have to even consider about performance as you know what one plus is famous for.7. I love the new vibration Moto and heptic feedback.Cons1. Battery backup is fine. For me it last for a day but considering the display, yes it may not perform well up to expectations of some people but trust me it's absolutely fine for a normal day usage.P.S. : for some peoywho are complaining that display color is not good as compared to s10+. Here is one suggestion guys. Just go to settings and adjust the display colors to AMOLED wide gamut. I can assure that the color accuracy will be exactly the same as that of s10+. I compared them side by side and found them exactly the same.Thanks and have a nice time with your One Plus 7 pro\n\n", "\n\n  Dear Mr Bezos,I am writing this in grief that the product which I received is malfunction and I tried to return this product on day 2 of me buying it , but as per your amazon policy money was not refundable . Is it good to take people hard earned money and become rich with all this schemes , before amazon was never like this . You can check call records even I have contacted your company executives not once but twice. Days passed and it the 16th day of this phone the phone has an issue as when I using an app like watsapp while texting it opens the profile of the person whom I am texting , plus it opens up the the other app . I don't know what problem is this . I urged your executive even that mamm I don't require the money , I would be ordering iPhone XR but then also she said a clear no . Experience WD one plus flagship phone is getting pathetic with every passing day.Regards,A genuine customer who has been using Amazon to buy online product always but this experience made me felt disgusted and pathetic.\n\n", '\n\n  Worst phone not worth buying. Very bad launched by OnePlus..... Facing ghost issues and Amazon not taking it bay\n\n', "\n\n  I just upgraded from OnePlus 5tDisplay- the best display on any smartphone!I saw the good reviews on this mobile's display but damn! I didn't expect it to be this good!, I have a S10 in my home for comparison and I can surely say this is as good as Samsung'sBuild- I waited for nebula blue and it's worth the wait! It looks awesome, build quality is excellent but a bit hefty but manageable and u will get used to it in one dayCamera- this is the main part, I don't know whether it's due to my low expectations on camera due to all the negativity but I'm genuinely surprised with the camera, even for this I compared it with S10 and it's pretty close to S10, low light photography is a major improvement and it's on par with S10 which is considered as best in low light other than HuaweiSo don't believe all the negativity, I wonder people who are putting negative review are using DSLR for their daily photo needs.. the only negative would be the wide angle lens is not upto the mark and the one on S10 is way betterVery happy with the camera..Battery- way better than my 5t and easily getting upto 7hrs of screen on time with moderate to heavy usage and warp charge is the best!Performance- no need to say specially about performance coz it's OnePlus!855 with 90hz display, the fastest phone in the world!Others- call quality excellent, sound output via Bluetooth excellent, fingerprint sensor excellent, vibration feedback excellent, no ip rating but totally waterproof.Overall an excellent package and it's worth the premium price!Important note: 3x telephoto lens will not be active if the object is at less than 50cm distance from the lens and in very low light scenarios in such cases the main sensor is used for zoom for better quality...\n\n", '\n\n  Great choice over S10 Plus.Amazing display and smooth experience with 90Hz refresh rate, which can only be experience while using.Battery gives more than 4 Hours of screen time with 90Hz.Superfast charging with WARP charger.Extremely fast and no log switching between apps and playing games.Outstanding camera which clicks quite decent pics in both day and night.Overall best phone from OnePlus till now. Worth purchase with no cons.\n\n', "\n\n  Screen is good. Camera is just ok. Fingerprint scanner is bad. Heating too much. No earphone, no 3.5 adaptor. Overall waste of money. Can't expect such bad performance from one plus. They have started cheating customers. This is not at all a flagship phone\n\n", "\n\n  First of all i would like to thank Amazon for delivering the product right on time 5 out of 5.Now coming to the phone - This one is a beauty and the beast all together.Display - 10 out of 10Software - 9/10Build - 9/10Battery - 8/10Camera- 9/10Gaming - 10/10Premiumness - 10/10Value for money - 8/10The best flagship right now in the market.Now what i didn't like1. No earphones provided bcos for 50k phone earphones should y provided.2. A rugged protective case would have been welcome3. No type C converter provided.4. Battery life is average but fast charger makes life easy.\n\n", '\n\n  I have received a handset with a faulty mic, as soon as i m on call the person on the other hand seems to have disturbance in the voice call this happen when i m on mic as soonnas i switch to speakers it vanishes and everything works fine but the thing is i have purcahsed a phone to make a normal call not speaker call. I have been to the service store they said take the back up of the phone and hand over to us. It means that ordering the device early is stupidity. Now it can happen they will open the phone and the water proof pressure will be damaged, not happy at all.\n\n', '\n\n  A great premium flagship smartphone.Pros:👉The Display👉Snappy UI Interface👉Oxygen OS (FASTER UPDATES)👉An above average camera( can be better with G-cam mod and future updates )👉Vibration hapitc motor feels more premiumCons👉A bit pricy , but that display !👉Prone to damages can be solved by buying a case👉No wireless charging but you do get a 30W charger👉No ip water resistant although it is water proof check YouTube videos for water tests Op7pro.\n\n', '\n\n  The phone is great in terms of speed and smoothness but there is no headphone with the phone.- not even an adapter to use my old earphoneAfter spending 50K,I am unable to listen music with my phoneScreen and touch is awesomeSpeed is fastCamera is superbSound quality is good on speakerThere is little problem to listen directly from phone during call as there is full screen instead of earphoneIn this price range we expect it to be bit more - at least a decent earphone should have been added\n\n', "\n\n  Overall it's a average mobile,, not any special than 6t. I have got a damaged piece.. never expected this from amazon\n\n", '\n\n  Got my hands on the first prime day sale and arrived two days later.This phone is a fresh breath of air the. The OS is silky smooth  and no lag whatsoever . One plus did an excellent job with their oxygen OS with great optimization . The 90 Hz display makes the experience much more better . You can change it to typical 60 Hz for a long lasting battery hours but who cares when you have a 90hz display. Browsing and scrolling is super smooth and playing games is a bliss thanks to the snapdragon 855 SoC . Been using it for the past two days and the battery life is good . Gets you throughout the day without excessive game play sessions and the latest UFS 3.0 provides blazing fast data transfer.  I get an average of 8 hr of screen on time with full charge and speaking of charging the latest warp charge charges the device from 40 to 100 in around 25 minutes which is fast. I am happy with the device as it is my first one plus device . Looking forward to using it for more than 2 years.\n\n', '\n\n  There is no filter option in camera, even camera quality is really bad, night light camera is disaster. Phone speed is fine, battery not that strong.\n\n', "\n\n  This is my first ever Android phone, after being an iPhone user for over a decade. The device is superb and fast. Apps work like breeze and overall, Oxygen OS feels clean and fast like iOS. There are several stability issues that I've seen. Most notably, things like the fingerprint scanner do not always work as expected, the double tap feature doesn't always work and the curvature of the screen leads to unwanted taps. The 48Mp camera is pretty good indeed however, I've noticed an occasional focusing issue that prevents the camera from focussing correctly under certain conditions.But I guess Android phones are never perfect simply because their software is not particularly built for the hardware. So, I'm pretty cool with these issues so far, unless something escalates further. Overall, I'm very impressed by the device. Its well built, charges quickly, takes good photos, sounds well and performs well.What I'm more interested in seeing are these minor glitches go away with OTA updates as is popular in the OnePlus community. Apple has never been very responsive to minor complaints and their updates take ages to appear. OnePlus, from what I've heard is very responsive to customer complaints and I'm hoping things become better with upcoming updates.Till then I'm finding 1 - 2 star reviews on Amazon really amusing with people reporting things like a missing screen cleaning cloth, wireless headphones. Get a life people, and buy these on your own.\n\n", "\n\n  Loved itI liked everything in this mobileIt is smooth, fast, powerfulThe latest Oxygen OS.ALL ARE SUPERI liked very much is it's PREMIUM DISPLAY.....You feel yourself as superior.1+ is a brand that no one can beat or at least touch.Some rival companies are saying that flagship killer is coming but I would say you can never beat a Oxygen OS......If you are affordable for this just blindly go for the pro .......Even if you feel it as expensive, gather money & definitely go for this.There are some minor quality issues with cameraBut surely by the time you read this review 1+ would have definitely posted an update and fixed those small things🙂.........Never compare 1+ with other brands they are not even worth to sit beside 1+.........You definitely get these thoughts like me after having this phone in your hands............Feel free to ask your queries .......\n\n", "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0I got this phone on 3rd June and just within a week's time I am facing battery related issues.Do not rush into buying this phone, wait for a while more and ask other OnePlus users if they are facing the same issues.  Maybe I got a defected piece . They even refused for a replacement. All they did was a 5 minute video check where in if the phone battery drops then 5% they replace else they dont.Just go through the video and you shall understand the entire scenario.Feel as if 50k wasted.\n\n", '\n\n  One plus 7 pro is an awesome phone no doubts.I am a very strong Apple fan, still i used 99% apple products.I have iphone too, but openly say compare to one plus 7 pro, i phone is nothing.Superb camera,superb perfomance.8 gb ram and 256 gb storage capacity around 52, 000/-.Both front and back cameras are awesome.Good phone for gaming people also.Good wide display.Good sound quality.Superb design.No doubts this is best phone in market now.One plus have good brand name too.What I dislike is 1.) Little over weight. 2.)Battery life not that much better.(One day average)3)No headphone Jacket or head phone with this phone.All other features are superb, inbuilt call record, app lock etc etc.\n\n', "\n\n  I felt bad only on one thing regarding the delivery of the product..I ordered the product on 16th May in early sale for prime members and it was supposed to be deliver on next day 17th May 2019 before 9 pm. But I recieved the product in Monday 20th May only..it was such a very bad experience with Amazon Becz even though I was a prime customer I recieved the product very late.. I raised many issues and complaints within that date to get the product on time. I felt very bad about the delivery service of Amazon team..Note regarding the beast and flagship of 2K19.. we happy to buy one plus product again. I was already using one plus 6 for the last 8 months. Always the one plus is so fast and good in performance and built quality. The same and with more performance and balanced Battery back up in the new one plus 7 pro. The box itself was awesome. The phone build quality is remarkable. The display is the main highlight of the product such an awesome clarity and movie experience on the phone. The fast movement with 90hz is really awesome. Felt like new whenever I use the phone. Camera quality has been improved a lot. Day time the photos are awesome and the new nightscape is also good .. The front camera is better and fast. Overall I can give 8.5/10 for camera Becz there is still some lag in picture quality and the contrast of colours while taking a picture when compared to other flagship mobiles. Next the most fastest indisplay finger print is speechless.. no lag or no delay even in extreme dark.. happy that the one plus products are always awesome and they are continuously improving the products. The battery was little bit okay for me im getting just 5 hours of screen time only. But I Hope that the upcoming updates will improve the battery life. So I can give 8/10 for battery and 10/10 for performance. The animation is also awesome whenever we open the phone through finger print the live wallpaper is remarkable. Overall I'm very much happy to buy this awesome product only I felt little bad about the price and there was no connector for earphones. The price is not too high but I expected little less. Anyways this is the new beast of 2K19. Since I won't be playing that much games so I bought 6gb variant Becz last time I bought 8gb variant it will be even more faster but drains the battery fastly. So I decided to go on with 6gb. I recommend everyone to buy this flagship killer and those who will use the phone for more personal and normal use they can easily go with 6gb variant\n\n", "\n\n  Fastest Android phone on Earth!Samsung, Redmi, Apple, etc etc... Beware guys!Superb Amazon delivery services.Pros1. Lightening speed2. Good battery backup, moreover least charging time 50% in less than 25 minutes3. Good camera, specially nightmode and normal 4k videos4. Wide amoled screen, superb screen refresh rate, it's becomes a pleasure to watch videos using every mm of the screen since it is notchless5. Oxygen os is just awesome.6. Price - I cannot just praise a phone with these many features and then cry for high price. It is still way cheaper than Samsung Galaxy flagship phonesCons1. Camera in portrait mode isn't that sharp.2. I am not exactly aware of how the liquid cooling system works. Phone got hot a couple of times. But bearable heating.3. The curved screen isn't of any use. So no idea why OP has done this. Though the phone looks premium with it.4. No 3.5 jack. The only genuine complaint I have. I tried hard to find a good quality type c-3.5 mm connector. Otherwise one will always rely on Bluetooth headphones.Overall, a phone worthy of praise and purchase.\n\n", "\n\n  I am writing the review after using the product for one week.1. Display & Hardware : That's probably the first thing you'll notice about the phone. There is a massive 6.67-inch screen. (too much for me). The design is rich and lusturous.There is an anti-glare coating at the back which gives a matte-like finish. The all-screen design makes the display amazing. Also, it is the first phone of the brand to offer Quad HD+ Fluid AMOLED panel. And most importantly, the screen is curved on both edges (like recent Samsung flagships).What makes the phone truly stand out is the 90Hz refresh rate. The display is also rated for HDR10+2. Camera : There's a primary 48MP f/1.6 camera backed by an 8MP telephoto lens and 16MP wide-angle shooter.The wide-angle lens offers a 117-degree field of view, and the 8MP telephoto delivers 3x optical zoom. And it is just amazing!! The camera is works amazing in daylight conditions. The night-mode is also good, but don't expect it to compete the Pixel 3 and galaxy S10s. Also, the pop up camera is an amazing addon!!3. Software : You really don't need the review for that.But few good things are- native screen recorder, OxygenOS 9.5, Fnatic Mode and Sen mode.4. Processing : The device is fast, really fast. From face recognition to 90Hz display to OxygenOS' clean interface. It is the fastest device I've ever used. (8/256 Version)5. Battery Life : The OnePlus 7 Pro has a 4000mAh battery, but because of the 90Hz display, I struggled to last it for a day. also, the  Warp Charge delivers a 30W charge. You'll be able to charge from 0-50% in just over 20 minutes, and up to 50% in 30 minutes while gaming.6. Weight : The large screen and the 4000 mAh battery leads to 206g weight. The OnePlus 7 Pro feels too top-heavy, and that makes the device unwieldy.7. Major Cons- too heavy, massive screen, no earphones included (paying 53k, I expected earphones), night mode camera is fairly average, no wireless charging, No IP rating , No 3.5 mm jack.Final verdict - I am postively biased for OnePlus always. But yes, since the price range has moved significantly, the expectations from the device have been significantly increased as well. Still this is one of the most ambitious phones, I've ever used. So, please go and buy it!.P.S. Personal review!\n\n", '\n\n  Awesome premium end deviceNot for everyoneProsDisplay is the standout feature,better than my ipad2018, better than s10 plus at affordable pricePhone is sleekTriple camera just take beautiful picturesFront pop is the next gen camera for full screenCharging is faster than dash charging omgLooks 100/100Must buy good cover phone is slipperyPop camera has free fall detection n works excellentIts a big 6.67 phone not for small hand usersIts touch ,day to day use  is so fast,smooth and responsive thank you once again for your new deviceTrue oneplus fan ,and proud owner of OnePlusCons :Nothing much as of now will update review after monthPhone has outplayed samsung and close to apple but half the price of apple\n\n', "\n\n  I received a new OnePlus 7 Pro just yesterday, and when I tried to add both my sim cards in it, I found out the second sim slot was too small to add even a nano SIM card.After spending a day going from one shop to another to have my sim cut and everyone saying it was too small already, I found someone with the same phone, and they opened their sim card tray and said mine was defective.What kind of pathetic service is this?!This has not only made me not want to shop for anything on Amazon, but also has made me hate the brand OnePlus.OnePlus's call centers are also not customer friendly.I recommend people not to buy this or any OnePlus device, because in such a situation you'll eaither be phoneless (during the period Amazon replaces it) or you'll have wasted such a huge amount on a defective phone, with no help from OnePlus.\n\n", '\n\n  I have been an Iphone user ever since Iphone was launched, i tried phones but could not even hold on to anyother for more than 3-4 days.With op7pro has done an awesome work.Camera, screen and typing is as good as iphone even better in camera.5 star.\n\n', "\n\n  It's a great device I have been using it for a month now... believe me it's completely value for money...it's super snappy buttery smooth...yes it's a little heavier than usual...and battery life is not that good but why complain when u have warp charge it charges you device hell fast...and honestly u will get 24 hours of average battery life...it's great for gaming no heating issue pubg runs at highest graphics...and believe me 90hz refresh rate makes the gaming scrolling supper smooth...the display is great I'd say it's one of the best in the business 😁...AND PEOPLE U WON'T GET EARPHONES AND CAR WARP CHARGER WITH THIS AS SHOWN IN YOUTUBE THOSE ARE CREATOR'S BOX THEY ARE ONLY SENT TO BIG CONTENT CREATORS...yes they should have provided a 3.5mm to USB c connector but I bought a OnePlus bullet wired and it's fine u can also buy 3.5mm to USB c convertor from OnePlus official site it costs around 400rs...the fingerprint reader works great..THE CAMERA QUALITY WAS NOT GOOD AT 1ST BUT AFTER 2 UPDATES ITS GREAT...ITS ALSO SPLASH RESISTANT... maximum people are reviewing this after 2-3 days of use but the phone deserves 4 stars....watch YouTube reviewers like MKBHD, Dev2d, unbox therepy...AND OXYGEN OS IS CLOSE TO STOCK ANDROID AND NO BLOATWARE IS LOADED IT WILL WORKTHE SAME SNAPPY AND SMOOTH EVEN AFTER 2-5 YEARS...the pop up camera has free fall detection which is great it closes once the phone slips from your hand...it's has UFS 3.0 storage the first in the world which makes it faster than all the phones and games also load super fast...it also contains first FLUID AMOLED DISPLAY...JUST BUY IT... IT'S GREAT PHONE.. THANK YOU\n\n", "\n\n  I received a faulty phone, network and WiFi connection goes on and off automatically. And When I called Amazon they said first their technician will check in next 3 days and after that replacement process will go on till that I have to wait, don't knw how long it going to take 😠😠😠I used it for two days and noticably Battery and camera performance is poor not a flagship level of course.\n\n", "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0From day one it gives problems.Hang, from last 3 hours it's showing restarting.Many basic apps crash like google chrome and WhatsApp. even its own camera hangs many timevoice problem during loudspeaker.  10k to 12k phone is much better than this oneI am suggesting you don't buy this product. its wastage of money\n\n", "\n\n  Point1.Fast and buttery smoot- its so fast and smooth that you can hardly tell its opening the simple application or resuming it from ram.2.Display - 90hz display with FHD+ resolution will spoil you, it will literally make u swipe up n down without any reason.3.Speaker - Good stereo speakers will enhance your media consumption experience.4.Battery - Getting good battery life , on an avg 7 hrs SOT with gaming abt 3hrs.5.Weight n size - Size doesn't bother me n yeah its lil heavy however i guess i ll get use to it.- one downside it that if u drop it prone to break due to its heavness.6.IP rating - Not n issue, its tested by manu YouTuber ,i.e it can survive lil water and anyway no company gives you warranty against water damage.7.WI-fi - Geting the speed ISP provide. So no issue.8. Wireless charging - Fast charging is enough.9.Camera - Decent not as good as pixel. Can improve with gcam .This is the area one plus needs to improve.10.No headphone jack- really missing that , i hv Bluetooth earphone but in gameplay u need wired headset or else it gt lilbit delay via Bluetooth so bought a dongle n getting use to it.11.Anything extra will incurred the cost also so at this price point all acceptable.All points are mentioned are according to personal my experience n views.\n\n", "\n\n  I'm Very Impressive 7pro Display.. Really Very Cool... Display Finger Print much Improvement & Very Fast Previous 6T.. Sound Out put Really Good Previous One Plus device.. Triple Camera Setup is Very Interesting..& Front Camera Is motorised Pop up Selfie .. really Very Good & Big Device...6.7 inch QHD display & 90 hz ..but missing Headfone Jack this disappointing..No hesitation really oneplus 7 Pro Buyare go and buy this mobile...\n\n", "\n\n  The purchase and delivery was excellentNow about product, the camera is awesome, the performance is great..I haven't used any other night end phone like Samsung and iphone to compare this with those. But I like the OnePlus phone so far\n\n", "\n\n  I'm using this phone since past 3 days. So, here goes:1. Great display. The curved edges and no-notch display is a great head turner. The large screen makes browsing a great experience.2. Smooth UI. No bloatware whatsoever. No nagging notifications. Very smooth and highly customizable UI.3. Decent Camera. I am not much of a shutterbug. But the snaps I clicked were fantastic. Maybe photography enthusiasts will be able to give a better review on this aspect.4. Nice battery life. Easily lasted 1 and a half day with full charge. And the warp charge is a beaut.5. A little heavy. But we can get used to it.\n\n", '\n\n  Amazing phone with lots of improvement over 6t.. definitely a worthy purchase.. also i loved the wide angle camera a lot,although camera needs an improvement..amazing display and 90hz refresh rate is so damn smooth and screen quality is so damn good easily comparable with Samsung s10..overall i loved that feel and smoothness..I Love you one plus.. 💓\n\n', "\n\n  For one I really do like the phone...coming to details the fingerprint reader is a tiny bit slow...but it has numerous unlocking options that work simultaneously...facelock is good...zone / location based is a good feature(though it's not new) overall fingerprint does not make that much an impact.Speed is good.For screen it's very good but for a gamer the buttons on the boundaries do make it a bit difficult to operate but once you get used to it it's ok.Rear camera is very good can't say it's excellent. Front camera should have had more resolution and lighting option.Battery is good for a workhorse like this if you are a gamer expect 40% remaining battery by 3 pm. But the charger is way damn good in 20 min you are back to 90%...Headphones should have been provided, but I use wireless anyways...Tempered Screen protector should have come preapplied instead of the plastic one. mine is developing wrinkles because of gaming...OnePlus phones offer lots of customisation option if one needs and knows how....have seen lots of people not using customisation at all.Overall it's a good phone and a welcome change.\n\n", '\n\n  24x7 mobile is very hot.cant even hold in handAlso battery dries very fast\n\n', "\n\n  No doubt regarding the phone's performance. However, the pre-applied screen protector is filled with bubbles and dust particles and seems like someone unprofessional has been applying these! I request you to please look into it and provide me with a possible solution as it has totally ruined the experience of owning a flagship and getting this kind of service!\n\n", '\n\n  1st biggest problem- FINGER PRINT SCANNER - my friend can open this phone by using his finger print with registering his fingerprint in this phone ...not even one time..more than 10 times he opened infornt of me...which is unexpected...we are using our finger print for all type of transaction....this type of security glith is not acceptable from oneplus(flagship killer).2nd issue- 90HZ DISPLAY- not worth...display flickers sometime after changing to 90hz...in this 8 days more than 15 times i faced hanging/lagging  issue.3rd issue- AUTO BRIGHTNESS  is not at all working properly.4th issue- this type of CAMERA u can get in 15k phones.5th issue- SCRREN GUARD- After paying 53k ,i didnt expect this type of screen guard...in 2 days,it came out.PHONE IS SO BIG AND HEAVY....53K Iz too much for this type of family.\n\n', "\n\n  Time for a 7 pro review, I have used for 14 days now, so after using this giving review. Let me tell you one plus 7 pro is the worlds first fastest phone. 7 pro gives you premium feel, display is unbeatable, look wise this is the most beautiful, sexiest beast till date. There are many Indian you tuber spreading negative reviews of this phone but I tell you if you really wanna decide by review then watch out side Indian you tuber videoes. Yes price of this on high side as compared to oppo Reno, redmi k20 pro but you have to decide if you want to save extra 6k to 8k or you want a premium feel of a smartphone. If yes this phone is for you, if you really want to save money then you can go for 6gb variant also comes with same features, but nebula blue is still sexiest colour. Camera is also damm good, battery life is also good, performance is best. I was one plus 5t user before having this phone so performance wise one plus is best, just go for 7 pro rather than oppo Reno or redmi k20 pro, I bet you 7 pro is the worth buy. You won't regret after buying this beast. This is the world's first fastest, sexiest phone. Just go for it....\n\n", "\n\n  'One plus 7 pro fast, smooth and effortlessly powerful' as mentioned, or did the phone failed to live the hype. I am among those first mortals who got a chance to laid hands on this beautiful peice of technology and below are my findings after a week of use.Pros:1: Display- One of the bet that really paid off is the new edge to edge display in this phone, no bezels, no notch on the screen mean more screen to body ratio which looks quite stunning. However I am not facinated about the full screen display, I mean, yeah it's great but you can find this kinda tech in many sub premium phones available out there. The big surprise this time is the bump in resolution, the phone now sports a  6.67 Inch, 2K+ resolution OLED Display which was long needed since screen to body ratio has increased reasonably since One plus 3t and given the price tag. Another +ve side is fluid AMOLED with 90hz refresh rate, it's not cosmetic and I can say that because I am using a oneplus 3t along side this phone and I can easily see the difference in the screen response in 7pro, the animations are silky smooth, fast and flawless. Also another unique trait is this screen has got side edge display as like Samsung's edge series. All in all the display ticks all the boxes, no questions.2- Memory and storage: I am using a 12 GB ram n 256 GB rom version, given the amount of ram multitasking glitches are the things of past. I tested it's performance by parallely running nfs, pubg, asphalt nitro, clash of clans without any hiccups where as 3t faces some issues, thus heavy performance apps can run smoothly as the phone can take that all easily. Also 256 GB storage is enough to store images, vedios and files etc, given that we are living in cloud era.3 Speed: Speed has always been a trump card for oneplus  phones, and it's the imperative reason of it's existence. Even my 2 years old oneplus 3t never showed any noticeable lagg and 7 pro is no exception. Also this time the company has introduced liquid cooling to address over heating issues faced by early oneplus phones, however I still found some heating issue while playing multiple performance games but in normal day to day use it's just ok. This beast takes all performance load with ease, so stay relaxed this phone won't let you down.Cons:1: Camera: There is marginal improvement in the camera department from 6t but I didn't found anything much as mentioned in ads, I compared the shots with my friend's shots takes by s10+ and the later one stands out in terms of quality and wide view angle. S10+ camera on paper is low on megapixels but does better justice than one plus. Night pics are a slight better I can say, else Samsung's done a good job here.2 - Pop up front camera: This point may not appease to all the readers but I am not a fan of machanized camera. Even oneplus suggest not to use face unlock much. There is also another clever peice of tech here by oneplus, if accidentally the phone drops out of your grip while the the front camera is still out, the phone will automatically detect the fall by using the inbuilt gyroscope and immediately pops the camera inside even before the phone touches the ground. However given all these corks and screwes, I still doubt the front camera may show signs of break downs in the long run.3- Missing headphone jack- While there are few people complaining about missing headphone jack, I personally don't feel it's a loss as I rarely use wired earphones and also I noticed most of my friends too use Bluetooth earphones. Wired earphones are the things of the past, get yourself a pair of good Bluetooth earphones and bingo! u won't miss the jack anymore.4- Finger print scanner- Strangely the inscreen finger print scanner some time fail to recognize if you fingers are slightly moist due to sweat.Summary- Bit pricey when compared to the recently launched oneplus 7, but in terms of features and looks it's leagues ahead not just from it's own siblings but with most of the competitions as well.\n\n", "\n\n  It's worth the price. Yeah camera performance should be improved. Battery life for 90 Hertz refresh rate is not bad. Fingerprint sensor is faster than 6T.What I observed from people rating is they are disappointed because OnePlus didn't include type-c to 3.5mm cable and earphones because of high price.I think because of customers disappointment rating going down. OnePlus should think on it and should get back customers satisfaction.Overall phone performance will never disappoint you. Should include basic accessories to satisfy the customers.\n\n", '\n\n  First of All Amazon You might have became the worlds best company but Kindly Focus on your customer service or you will lose thousands of customers just because of your service. Come To mObile.You can see that i have 3 one plus device. I bought One plus 7 pro mirror black 6+128 model.With The use of 10 days.2-3 days normal working i am not a Big fan of Games or Hd videos or like this i just put 30-40 normal productivity apps in the mobile.After 3 days Battery starts drainning i thought with update this issue will be solved but inwas wrong With in 10 days my fingerprint was not working, And On 10 Thday my Phone Was dead. Its not even power on guys ya I said it right.Is this we got in 49000 rupees. This should not be done. Mobile Phone is very overpriced it should have At ₹40000.Now come to Customer service part,I am calling from Last 10 days to amazon Customer Care they make false promises and just do formality Which they did with me.Finally i sent my mobile on my own courier expemse to company.Thats it kindly save your money And put it on right place\n\n', '\n\n  Take awesome phone with decent price tag.Few key featuresAmazing screenGood battery backupSuperfast chargingCurved screen for premium lookHuge storagePopup camera works as promisedScreen clarity is as good as Samsung S10+( with much better contrast)Few concernsBit heavierScreen length is bit much, wont easily fit in pocket*After recent update few issues resolved but camera quality still lacka in some department. Outdoor photo quality is almost at par but indoor photo lacks refinement.Better to try Google cam mod.Software updates will improve camera quality soon.Screen curve is not in comparison with Samsung S10+ ( samsung screen is much sleeker and with better asthetics)Phone is bit bulky not as sleek as previous one plus modelsDefault phone case is not so good, better to buy a new one\n\n', '\n\n  Powerfully conceived and surely is a great upgrade for those replacing a phone after 2+ years. Processor is great, audio is loud and clear. Price is on the higher end but a worthy deal for people intense on email, social media and fast communication. Miss the 3.5mm jack or the in case wired headset but battery and display makes it up. Had it been, wireless charging could have taken this far further but love the warp charging. Fast fingerprint recognition and selfie camera allows decent face recognition. Oneplus has greatly enhanced the Android underneath. Worthy call if you need speed & quality.\n\n', "\n\n  One plus put a lot of effort while designing the phone itself it's a beautiful peice of technology. Feels premium! The screen is just irresistible it's just wow. With QuadHD panel with 90hz refresh rate it's the best in the market now. One plus did well with the cameras this time. The main sensor the 48MP one is good after the update. But the wide angle suffers a bit in low light plus 3x zoom lens performance lies between the main sensor and wide angle. The portrait comes great out of the device. The selfie cam is good but seems to get harder on face in WhatsApp cam. The battery backup is okay considering the fact the phone has qhd screen with 90hz refresh rate. Yes we can change that for sure. The haptic feedback is just wow much better that previous models. The finger print reader is fast sometimes inaccurate but yes it's good. Oxygen OS doesn't need any explanation it's just buttery smooth. Thanks to the SD 855 and 8GB ram on my phone plus the UFS 3.0 storage throw any app on the device it will hadle it without a sweat multitasking is top notch on this set. But seriously one plus just had me on the screen and design....!\n\n", "\n\n  Amazing phone. It was difficult for me even to think of shifting from Samsung. But since Samsung gave me a terrible phone through S9, decided to try one plus 7 pro.Superb performance.Gives me 24 hours battery. I do not play games on phone. But have a lot of calls. 200 plus everyday and many on Bluetooth. Even then by end of day 20 pc charge is left. The charger is very fast.Camera- superb. See the images. Some people said night photos are not good. See the quality of night pic I took.A bit heavy. But that's ok.Overall very happy\n\n", "\n\n  Writing this review after completely understanding this masterpiece. Transforming from IOs to Android was a cakewalk for me thanks to my OnePlus 3T. Even today after almost 3 years of its use I saw no lag issues, no issues with the battery and instant rapid charging which was the really the most important plus point for me.This Version of OnePlus is surely a masterpiece. Be it the speed, the battery backup, rapid WARP charging, Be it the huge screen and yes the premium look makes it a worth buy. It's been 2 days I own it and everyone who looks at it is amazed to see how perfectly everything is compiled to make this masterpiece. The camera is amazing with three modes as described during the launch with an amazing picture quality.  The music with stereo sound and Dolby Atmos  makes it so much full of life..  The only Cons you can find with this device is the absence of Water resistant label. Rest it is BEYOND PERFECTION.\n\n", '\n\n  Very bad service, Device started flickering after 20 days of purchase yet it was working for more then 10 days before it stopped all of a sudden, 100% Sure and gurantee that device was never ever close to any liquid, but then too service people said that device has water damage and I have to pay 17000 rs for replacing display.Pathetic and cheap style of earning more money like you earn in all different colour modules.Before I was proud to show my ohone to other people, now I got why iphones are better deal.50,000 is very hard to earn for a middle class person, I waited for this phone and buyed this phone by collecting 5000 every month from my salary of 25,000.I know phone is good, but the servie they offer is worst.\n\n', "\n\n  Phone became dead on the 11th day after purchase. Amazon has asked me to contact manufacturer. Let's see how things work out.\n\n", "\n\n  This is the best phone from one plus ! For the price it checks all the boxes of flagship ! Been using for a week ! Everything flows and lovely to use it .if you are looking for a perfect phone with best display and good camera best software experience , I would recommend one plus 7 pro , as it's the best phone with reasonable price ! It's been a ride from one plus one to 7 pro and really happy one always pushes a step further ! You get none other than the best smartphone !Pros:Display the fluid display is awesome.Sound now you got that dual speaker set up , not so loud but clear and precise.Camera is goodBattery lasts more than a day with a normal usageGaming is awesome on the phoneHaptic feedback is much improved and much love for that.Last but not least a fast smooth software experience.Cons :Large phone it's about 7 inch phone very hard to use one handedly but I am willing to learn it.The curved edge corners are not perfectly rendering the data of 3rd party apps , hope this will be fixed in software updates.No headphones jack , I have so many headphones which are useless now .\n\n", '\n\n  Bought on the first day and received in the same night in around 7hrs. Classy looks, excellent buttery smooth display and flawless performance.A bit underwhelmed by the camera performance till now. Sometimes the pictures are good sometimes are over beautified and smooth, needs retouching afterwords. But yet to test outdoors in depth.Photos attached are retouched a little.Battery seems to last a day with moderate use and occasional gaming.Phone is slightly heavier than expected or desired.Definitely worth an upgrade from 3T if you want a great display and performance.6-128 version will suffice the need of moderate users..\n\n', "\n\n  Update after two weeks usage: Can't imagine life without this phone! I am now thoroughly familiar with its functions, and we get along well. The battery has stabilised, and I get 25 to 30 hours easily with around 9 hours on screen. The phone lights up on its perimeter when in lock mode and you get a notification - different colours for different apps. I have given it full marks now as it has surpassed my expectations. I thoroughly recommend this phone and consider it to be great value for money! Please hit like if you found my review helpful and let me know in the comments your experience with this phone.___This is a preliminary review after one day's usage and exploration. It will tell you how I feel about the phone and how I perceive it when comparing it with other phones I have owned. Please remember that every person is looking for different things in a mobile phone so your user experience will be different from mine.My wishlist included honest photography and videography with a clear yet deep sound, long battery life and a front fingerprint reader. I take lots of pictures and hate the overexposed, oversaturated and beautified images that have taken over the market, hence the need for honesty. I had a few phones in mind and kept watching videos trying to figure out which one would suit me best before ordering the One+ 7 Pro. The reason? The photo tests came really close to those of Google Pixel 3 and sometimes surpassed them!So here are some observations I noted down as I got to grips with my new phone:Comes with silicone case but no earphones or adaptor. Guess they expect us to have leftover earphones and adaptors from previous phones?It's large and heavy! Consequently, it gets cumbersome and causes muscle fatigue after a while (had a similar problem with Sony XZ3). I preferred the feel of the Mate 20 Pro as it was slightly slimmer and fitted better and also it was beautifully balanced, so you did not need to exert yourself to hold it. [My hand has gotten used to its weight, but I still feel a bit intimidated by its size and wonder whether we do indeed need such big screens. However, watching Netflix in bed demonstrated the beauty of its large display and the clarity of its sound.]The fingerprint reader works well and fast. Facial recognition is also speedy, but as it requires the recessed camera to work, I am not too keen on using it.Photographs were a bit noisy on portraits but looked artistic. The update fixed the noise issue BUT ruined the portrait mode that is now overexposed. Not sure why; still figuring it out. Need to test it further. The rear camera produced good photographs compared to the Mate 20 Pro, which was a fail. The S7 has more depth of colour, and a nice background separation which gives photos a 3D appearance, something the Mate lacked and the 7 Pro cannot quite achieve. (The S7 was a dynamite phone despite the skin smoothing.) [It was my stupidity. I thought like a Galaxy S7 user that if I click on the face of the person, I'd get an AF lock, but this phone has no AF lock. What it does when you click on the part of the screen is giving you the option to adjust the exposure (light or dark), so I ended up with a washed-out picture - my fault entirely! Also, in portrait mode, it has a little oblong shape that says Depth Effect. This is what controls the bokeh, and you can't do much about it other than make sure it lights up green before snapping the shot. It will light up green only when the camera is at the correct distance from the person. I suppose this is one way of making sure the subject is in proper focus. Talking of the bokeh effect, it is very subtle, unlike other phones. If you want stronger effects, photo manipulation programmes are your friend, but for me, this is good enough.]Videos on the One+ 7 Pro are beautifully stable when walking, but if you turn fast, the image blurs momentarily before it recovers. [I enjoyed using slow motion but not sure if other phones can switch to slow motion during videoing or if the YouTuber vloggers actually splice videos up to add the slow motion part. My phone can take either or videos. The slow-motion does not activate randomly as in the Samsung phones, and I think that gives you more control but, to be honest, I am still a rookie in these things.]Sound playback is excellent in music and films due to the top and bottom speakers, but the microphone can hardly pick up someone talking 1.5 meters away from you in a quiet room when you are taking a video.The display is not as great as any of the comparison phones. The icons (phone, texts, camera, etc.) are not as beautiful as the competition's. There is a poor selection of wallpapers and none of the themes. One thing I enjoyed about the Mate 20 Pro was its wide selection of wallpapers, some of which were animated. Felt so excited to hold a phone that had falling cherry blossoms. Luckily, the Play Store has a variety of free wallpapers and was able to find some that give me joy. [Once a great wallpaper was in situ, everything looked much better!]The curved edge makes the letters from some apps seem to slide downhill, reminds me of Salvador Dali's famous melting paintings. Not a deal-breaker but distracting. App developers and One+ should take that into consideration and condense their displays to leave a black gap on the edges when text is involved. [My brain learned to ignore it.]The bottom navigation bar lies behind ads in games like Solitaire - takes some skill to NOT click on the ad trying to get to the home screen, and I am proud that I have mastered it. [Should not be a problem if you are not using the silicon case. If you do have the case on as I do, learn to start the scrolling action from the silicon itself, and you won't miss.]Angry Birds Friends is not loading and constantly crashing. [Uninstalled the app as per Rovio's instructions and re-installed it. It worked until I exited. Then I was again unable to load it. This morning, it works again. Mystery!]Bejewelled Blitz was jumpy despite the 90 Hz refresh rate, and it feels laggy. Taking off the Fnatic mode seemed to improve things a bit (though Fnatic is meant to be ideal for gaming...) [Checked this morning, still laggy at 60 Hz even if all other games are closed. I can understand the screen being slow because of the screen protector causing more friction, but why is the game slow to load results? Maybe my broadband is slow at times?]Colours on apps seem ‘dirty’ instead of bright and vibrant as in comparison phones. Also, blacks look greyed out. [I got used to the new look of colours, and it does not bother me any more. I have even reduced the display settings to save battery as that is more important to me at the moment.]Google Calendar is more laborious to work with than the Samsung calendar as it requires to select what kind of entry you are entering - ugh! (Ease off, Google. Just let me enter it and trust me to know what my entry is for!!)Step counter kept counting up despite me not taking a single step. It just felt the vibrations of me picking the phone up and thought this was walking. Hmm... to cheat or not to cheat? [I don't really fancy walking around with this big phone, so I have left my old phone in the bathroom LOL]I did not use the file transfer app they recommend as I had a bad experience with Huawei's own and never said again. Sadly restoring from Google backup, did not restore my text messages. The other phones did, which is baffling. [Apparently, Google security does not allow a full restore unless you verify it is you who logged in from a new device, so do that first and then try the restore.]The keyboard is more accurate than the Samsung one, probably due to space, but it makes it more tedious to type as you need to move your finger further. However, it has a great feature: a proper keypad that can be activated entering a series of numbers. On the minus side, the special characters are slightly harder to get to.The final observation is that the battery seems to drain fast (very steep slope in the diagram). The battery charges fully in 1 hour 20', and despite predictions that the phone would only last till 3 am, the phone survived the night on standby mode till 6 am. Although the screen was on for about 6 hours yesterday, I didn't do much other than set it up, take a few pics and a couple of short videos and try out my game apps. The Mate 20 Pro had an amazing battery life. [The battery continues to worry me. If I need to be charging it more than once a day, then I have gained nothing over my old phone. I have now put the phone on a dark theme, reduced the Hz from 90 to 60 and lowered the resolution. I also make a point to close every app when I am not using it. I am now confident enough to say that if there is a deal-breaker for me, it will be battery life; however, apart from the 6T, most phones have worse battery life. The Mate 20 has a great battery, but the photography is ... ugh! I will try to let the battery drain and then charge it early morning and see how it fares. With light use, I would have expected the battery to last more than 23 hours :( Imagine if I start using it exclusively as I did with my S7!]Conclusion: I am not 100% convinced this phone is for me though I can learn to live with it. I know from reviews that the One+ 6T has much better battery life and photography so maybe that would be an option...? [I am so tempted to order it and compare!!!]I have just uploaded a screenshot of the battery information. It has improved. The phone goes into panic mode at 15%, but if you ignore its message, it will see you through the night on standby and give you a couple of hours light use before it truly needs recharging.\n\n", '\n\n  My previously used few mobiles - Galaxy S7,S8,Note 8,Note 9....This time i have decided to go with one plus for first time, and belive me,it was a fantastic decesion.Previously i am avoiding other mobile brands ,only for displays.But this time one plus hitted a bulls-eye.Thanks to great display.I am amongst first few members to buy this master piece,as soon as it has launched and i have taken full 20 days to evaluate this mobile to write this review.As promised,delivery of mobile was superquick by Amazon.I have received this mobile,even before it was released for regular customers,and available on retail outlets.Thanks to Amazon.This mobile is overall a very good package. Display of this mobile is fantastic,with crisp and clear pictures.Though samsung displays are little bit superior,but margin is very narrow and for day today work,margin is absolutely nil.This displays donot oversaturate the images and pictures.Battery life is fantastic and last for entire day easily with heavy use on 60 hz QHD setting.On 90 hz it is little less.Battery life is definately far far better compaired to my Note 9.Camera quality needs some improvements, but i am sure that one plus will definately rectify it in upcoming updates.Already,a update from one plus has improved camera performance drastically.Mobile is little overweight and big to handle for average sized hand people,but it is matter of just getting "used to it".Once you get used to it,you will definately enjoy using this mobile and watching movies on it.Sound quality is crispy clear and battery backup is also very good,even if you use blutooth headsets.Fingerprint reader is fast but still needs some improvement...SD 855 Processor is superfast.No need to review it,as this is fastest amongst all mobiles,i have used in past.UI is very good,and you can adjust it according to your needs.WRAP charging is fantastic.You will get decent battery charge within 15 min of charging this mobile in emergency situations,though it will not be required in day today practice,as battery backup is fantastic for mod-heavy users,as stated earlier.I my opinion,compairing price to performance ratio,this moble is the best mobile to buy to date.So "JUST GO FOR IT".Now ,I became a proud fan of one plus.\n\n', "\n\n  I am a oneplus fan (previously owned oneplus 2, 5t than 7pro) but this time I must say that OnePlus misguided about the camera, the S10's 16 MP camera produces far more better pictures than 7pro's 48 MP camera in every scenario, really disappointed with this purchase, I should have gone for the S10 instead.\n\n", "\n\n  Awesome phone... I m giving this feedback after using it 4 days...Pros: Camera quality is awesome... It's rear camera is better than iphone x (I am also using iphone x)...No lag... It's as fast as iPhone x...Battery back up is awesome...Display quality is awesome...Lighting fast charging...Cons: No led notification...No separate headphone jack... Because of it's c type charging point I hv 2 purchase c type port for using any 3.5 mm jack headphone...For this reason I give 4 out of 5...\n\n", '\n\n  Highly satisfied with this mobile. You might have to adjust for a day or 2 with the weight and the size of the phone but eventually you will love OnePlus7 Pro. I had used Android , Apple and OnePLus earlier but the touch of OnePlus 7 Pro is sublime, out of the world. Popping up of front camera feels kind of creepy initially but you will get used to it quickly. After a month of struggle of selection between iPhoneXR and OnePlus 7 Pro i made the decision to buy OnePlus 7 Pro and am really happy with the result. Go for it, do not think.\n\n', "\n\n  Mobile body is very sensitive even in two hours got lots of minute scratches while removing the back cover. Which I've got inside the box.Build quality is slightly poor. Was expecting much from oxygen os. But one plus keep normal features like other brands Asus and Huawei. & No any  advanced features which shows its something special.No microphone jack. Everytime needs to carry connector.\n\n", "\n\n  I have used many phones being a gadget geek. Previously used one plus 6 and now this one from the amazing team of one plus. Let me tell you if you buy this all your needs will be met and you won't be disappointed. It's worth your money.Pros.Great screen contrastAmazing scroll speed at 90 heartzGreat design and looksGreat camera with amazing zoomAmazing bezeless designGreat sound quality although some other premium phones have better like iPhone XFast fingerprint unlock better than Huawei and iPhone and miConsOnly cons I think of is little bit battery drainage but that's understandable since it depends on usage and screen runnin constant at 90 heartz with large display.Sound quality should have been little better but it do justice.\n\n", '\n\n  This is what I am upset for Amazon product I am very irritating about this product what the hell YouTube also not working well\n\n', '\n\n  Very good and excellent using From past two days received on 17th of may , no issues with phone battery backup Good no heating, refresh rate too fastValue for MoneyPop up Selfie Camera is Great.Battery Life is Pretty Good.Music Sound System is Very Good.Inprint Finger sensor is Fast and good to unlock the phone\n\n', "\n\n  This is by far the best Oneplus device to be launched till date. I never had a oneplus device before. After using it for a week I came across these observations :Battery life is superb, and warp charge really packs a punch. Does 45% charge in around 15-18 minutes.Fingerprint reader is lightning fast.Rear cameras will make you forget Dslr. Low light photographers can will find this amazing. Front camera is perfect. The device is a little heavy but flaws are less when compared to other advantages. 90hz refresh rate is a boon. Actually you have to get a hands on experience as words will fall short for this beast. There is no question of lag. PUBG and other games are smooth and well the graphics is on another level with the gaming mode setting. The fluid AMOLED screen is pure joy. There is no audio jack but that's wierd  but if you can shell out 50k for a premium device then you can afford to shell out few extra bucks for a Bluetooth headset. Still going through the device features as everyday I am coming across new features which is really cool. Mirror grey looks better those who can't buy the nebula blue, go for mirror grey, you won't be disappointed.Overall the device is a beast. Go for it.\n\n", '\n\n  The mobile received on 14th of August and the screen started flickering on 20th September. The service centers declared that liquid damage is the reason and the cost will be 17000.00. Now, how can a person prove that it was not dip on water and its already water splash proof as declared on amazon. Very poor service and will not recommend for one+ series.\n\n', "\n\n  Amazon's blazzing fast one day delivery of a super blazing fast handset.I am in love with how this device handles every action I demand from it, and this device is worth of every penny.Have not seen such SMOOTH device, also it handles every tough processing games and performs so smooth in every aspect.Camera might not be so great but it's not too bad.Was worried about battery life as heard from other reviews, but it lasts decently long through the day, even after few hours of gaming. And that id not an issue too because there is a 30W warp charge support, which charges rapid Very Rapid.Overall this device justifies the price, as it gives smooth experience as Apple products give which costs way more.Have been a fan of ONEPLUS and finally I have their best device.\n\n", "\n\n  Friends ordered this phone and received in just 2 days time. Very much happy with the purchase. Heard a lot of negative complaints like camera, phantom touch, slow fingerprint etc. Which phone haven't has that. But this one really lived up to my expectations. The issues with this phone will definitely go away with updates, I received the first update and there is development in camera quality. I haven't had any experience of phantom touch and poor fingerprint yet. The display is very punchy and accurate. OnePlus development team is very active and will provide all updates to optimise this phone..so go for it.\n\n", "\n\n  This phone, as explained quite nicely by the countless reviews, is one of the best in the price range. The camera is VERY good, although it can be improved. The screen is truly the best in the budget. And Amazon's service is, as always, top notch.\n\n", "\n\n  Awesome product. Bought it despite of all criticism. Happy with my decision. When you are a tough competitor than people starts hating you, that's common. Display and performance are the benchmarks. Camera too is doing well with the latest updates, that's what i love most about the OnePlus, they listen to their community and keep you updated from all bugs. It's not light weight so if you are a skinny guy then forget about it or else go for it. Best phone under 50k. If you found it helpful then no need to smash the like button, you just go for this beast. Peace out\n\n", "\n\n  Really an amazing phone.You will fall for the screen itself.Bought on amazon prime sale on 16th and got it on 17th. Super fast delivery by amazon. kudos.Coming it the phone, it came with the pre-applied screen protector and a transparent case. That's a good welcome gesture. This is my first OnePlus phone coming from a stock android phone. The OOS is clutter free and experience is pure smooth with 90Hz and QHD+ resolution. With that in mind, the SOT of the phone with full brightness will  hardly reach 5 Hours. I use this preset in home as, thanks to warp charge, which charges in 1 Hr 10 min from 0 %. And when I go to office or any other, I use the FHD+ and 60Hz preset to get almost ~8 hours SOT with medium to high brightness.Basically this is a gaming phone. So you can play PUBG with no lag at all, also maxed out settings in Call of Duty Mobile.Camera quality is very promising. I used Gcam to get almost as good as pixel like shots. Day light shots in stock cam is better than GCam. Except for the consistency across the cameras. I hope OP will fix this issue with an update.Finally I would say that, this mobile is totally worth it for the price you pay.\n\n", "\n\n  It's a oneplus phone and it gives more than what it has promised. The speed, options, video quality and ease of access all leaves you feeling royal.But in addition I loved Amazon service. I had exchanged my old phone for this and it was such a breeze. I faced no issues and was able to get the phone I wanted in record time. It's just 24 hrs since I first ordered the phone on Amazon and it's already set up and working as usual.\n\n", '\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0I am giving 2 stars just because of battery and screen. As you can see in video oneplus is in overconfident while making this device. They didn’t even take care of software and camera. I just sold this phone in 10 days just because of camera quality and hanging problem.\n\n', '\n\n  "WHICH PHONE SHOULD I BUY?" Will be the common question of everyone today who are planning for the premium smartphone, especially with Snapdragon 855 Chipset.I think many of them have already written a detailed review of this product, OnePlus 7 Pro. But in this review, I want to focus on one issue of the current people, "WHICH PREMIUM PHONE SHOULD I BUY?"Because earlier, it was a very easy task to judge the best, flagship, worthy premium smartphone - OnePlus. But now, it appears very difficult to select the best flagship smartphone. Because now we have so many options like S10, Note 10, K20, etc. to select. And even I was totally confused. But after buying and researching many premium phones, I am concluding things in this review.So now let us start to compare almost each and every premium smartphone with this OnePlus 7 Pro smartphone so that it will be helpful for you to buy the right smartphone.1) Samsung Note 10: Priced at 70000, less battery capacity, less powerful processor, smaller screen, no 90-hertz screen smoothness, no Quad-HD. So here OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner. You can choose this Samsung Note 10, only if your preference is a compact smartphone with S-Pen. Or else, please buy OnePlus 7 Pro itself.2) Samsung Note 10 Plus: Priced at 80000 (oh my God), performs less powerfully with Exynos chipset when compared to OnePlus 7 Pro\'s Snapdragon 855 processor. I don\'t know why Samsung doesn\'t provide Snapdragon chipsets for few countries for S series premium smartphones, even after charging 80k. And still same display - no 90-hertz smooth screen. And one more funniest thing, no 100% display. I mean, still, they are providing punch-hole selfie camera on the main display, whereas pop-up selfies are provided by other brands at just Rs.15,000 now. Come on Samsung! Even after charging 80,000, no pop-up camera? Kidding? So according to me, here also the clear winner is OnePlus 7 Pro. If your preference is S-Pen alone with the latest premium smartphone from Samsung brand, please go for this and pour your hard-earned money.3) Redmi K20 Pro: I have used this. By paying 33k you will be hit continuously by MI dirty ads, for a poor quality AMOLED display. I hated this. No way match even for OnePlus 7. I can clearly tell that this can\'t even beat OnePlus older smartphones. Xiaomi should realize that customers are paying money for what they are providing. Earlier the scenario was different. Only MI smartphones were very much budget-friendly and ads were accepted (that too by some people). But now, showing ads is like totally killing themselves. OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner here too. And I really don\'t see any good reasons why people should opt for Xiaomi phones anymore. Until they stop ads and spoil kids, I don\'t recommend MI phones to anyone anymore.4) Oppo Reno: I have used this too. Earlier I used to think that all AMOLED screens will be great. Because earlier, there were just Samsung and OnePlus to provide commonly AMOLED screens. But I learned from Redmi K20 and Oppo guys, that all AMOLED screens are not the same. These screens can never match even Samsung\'s entry-level smartphones\' AMOLED display nor they can match OnePlus older versions\' AMOLED displays. And moreover, what I really hated much was ColourOS UI of Oppo. My god! It is horrible I felt. According to me, here also OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner though Reno also uses Snapdragon 855 processor. Choose this only if your preference is high zooming of your rear-camera. Because Oppo Reno has 10x zoom while OnePlus 7 Pro\'s has just 3x camera zoom.5) Black Shark 2: In this 100% display era, MI, along with popping ads, is again lacking to provide the full display. This is a smartphone of having infinity display like OnePlus 5T or Samsung S8 and S9 series. So here also the clear winner is OnePlus 7 Pro. Again, I don\'t see any good reasons to go for this smartphone.6) Asus 6z: This smartphone has failed to provide the AMOLED display in spite of being categorized as a premium phone. Very surprising. This itself enough to lose the competition I guess and OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner here too. If the price is the only criteria, one can choose this unique revolving camera smartphone.7) Samsung S10: Again, I don\'t think it is good to pay a huge amount (61,900) for a smartphone with no 100% display in this era. So the winner here also is OnePlus 7 Pro. If a compact powerful phone is what you want, one can go for this.8) Samsung S10 Plus: Same goes here. My god...Samsung\'s pricings are too much I feel when compared to OnePlus 7 Pro. So the winner here also is OnePlus 7 Pro. If superb camera quality is the only needed factor, one can go for this Samsung S10 Plus.9) Huawei P30 Pro: It is a known fact that Huawei and its sibling Honor was banned by the US for spying. And Android itself was expected to be killed on these phones. Though the ban is lifted for time being, it is not certain that the ban-lift will be permanent or temporary. So why should one risk in investing a huge amount on this brand? So I feel time waste in researching these brand\'s smartphones. So I prefer OnePlus 7 Pro only here also.10) Honor View 20: Same 9th point goes here.11) Huawei Mate 20 Pro: Same 9th point goes here.12) Google Pixels: Again, the Samsung theory goes here. When the era is of 100% displays, punch-hole cameras, infinity displays, notch displays, waterdrop displays, etc. are all meaningless I feel. So my choice is OnePlus 7 Pro without any doubts.So after researching and trying everything, I strongly feel that currently, OnePlus 7 Pro is the only model which can be trusted and you get more than what you pay.Frankly speaking, initially, when OnePlus launched this 7 Pro smartphone, I was disappointed by considering the price factor and the smartphone\'s size factor also. But now after using for a few days, that too after trying all other brands, I am really feeling that this OnePlus 7 Pro is worth for every penny you pay. Even the phone is NOT BULKY IF YOU USE A RIGHT SLIM CASE.The display itself mind-blowing and everything provided in the package is very, very powerful. All the three colors are beautiful - mirror grey, almond white, and nebula blue. Chose whichever you want. And feel free to submit questions to me. I will try to answer.\n\n', "\n\n  I have been waiting for nebula blue color and it's worth waiting. I have bought one plus 7 pro. I have been using one plus 5 and upgrade it to one plus 7 pro. Phone's first impression is best. It's really a big phone. If you are using big phone even though you feel it's bigger. Screen is curved and glass body looks cool. Op7 pro comes with inbuilt fingerprint reader and it's quite fast. I have also taken many pictures and all the photos are just perfect. I have also played pubg and it's run really pretty well. But I am still waiting for the day when one plus roll out update so we can also played pubg @ 90 FPS. Battery life is good. Only thing I missed is 3.5 mm Jack for headphones. Other than that all the things really cool and perfect.👌 I must say if you are a heavy mobile user, or if you want to use a best Android phone or if you love to play game than this phone is for you. Believe me it's worth of it's price.\n\n", "\n\n  Honest Review for One Plus 7 Pro :It's my first one plus phone(12GB RAM, 256GB ROM) which I bought 4 months back and I am quite happy with the design and performance of it. I will try to cover most of the positive and negative aspects of the phone.Pros :1. Speed - I have used mobile phone of every company and I must say it has the best performance ever. Apps opened in just fraction of seconds.2. Display - It has been a wonderful experience of using 90 hertz display which makes it more superior than other mobile phone displays.3. Camera - Stability of the camera is very good even you are recording video in moving vechicle.4. Notchless display - One of the coolest feature of this phone is it's full screen display without any notch which gives user an amazing experience.5. Battery - Currently, this phone has a battery back up of one and a half day. Will update it after completing 1 year.6. Fast Charging - It will take your phone to get full charge from 0 to 100 percent in just 1 hour 20 minutes. And in half an hour, it will charge your phone above 50 percent.Cons :1. Quite Heavy - As I have used number of phones I personally find it quite heavy which is due to hardware they have provided. But now I am habitual to it.2. Auto Brightness - Sometimes I feel the auto brightness feature doesn't works well. So in that case I have to manually adjust the brightness. May be oneplus can fix this issue in the upcoming software updates.3. Night mode in camera - Night mode of the camera is not that good as compared to other phones. It could be more better. May be this can also be fixed in next software update.4. Price - Upto OnePlus 6T the price of the phones were nearly 35k. This is the first phone which costs nearly 50k. Quite overpriced but value for money.5. No IP rating - Although company claims that it is water resistant but ip rating must be given by company for such a flagship phone.6. Glass panel - The phone is very slippery if you are using it without cover and back panel can easily break. Therefore, I suggest to have a good case to protect.7. No 3.5 mm jack - You have to compromise with the 3.5 mm audio jack if you want to purchase this phone. I sometimes feel there must be 3.5mm jack but then I use bluetooth earphones.To sum up, although there are number of disadvantages but still this phone is value for money. I hope this review will be helpful.\n\n", "\n\n  I have been using this phone from more than a week now. Here are the things I liked and disliked:# Display is Great (but its glamour goes away after putting on a back cover, which is necessary as the phone is too slippery without it 🙁)# Camera is not that great if we see it from the price point. I was using OnePlus 5T before this and i feel i had a better camera setup. Also, I don't know why nobody is talking about the Portrait mode of the rear camera, it automatically zooms the image 3x, making it hard to take portraits of a nearby people/objects. Also, zooming 3x makes things very shaky and hard to take a steady shot. Really not satisfied with the Portrait mode's auto cropping zoom. Similar issue was there in OnePlus 5, the first OP phone having a dual camera setup, but the issue was resolved in 5T.# The next big thing that no one is talking about in the reviews is unavailability of Notification LED. This is seriously a big turn off for me.# Battery backup is decent considering the screen size and display quality.# The phone is too slippery without a cover. The phone attracts a lot of dirt and is also a fingerprint magnet.# The company should have provided a better back cover and Type C earphones (or at-least the Type C to 3.5mm jack converter) within the box at this price.# I also purchased the OnePlus Wireless Bullets 2 separately. Their sound quality it's good but there is no sound feedback received (the connecting beep sound that you get after long pressing the button) while using Google Assistant via the button on wireless bullets. Even my wired earphones provide that feature.Overall its a good phone if camera is not a great deal for you. Though the OnePlus should have kept the starting price of this phone under 40k. Instead of wasting money on advertisement and making big celebrities their brand ambassadors, the company should stick to their original vision of providing flagship killer features at an even killer Price tag.\n\n", "\n\n  This is a review after a month usage:Pros:Display- 5+/5Camera 4.5/5Touch-4.7/5Battery-4/5Fast changing- 5+/5😜Fingerprint sensor: 5Now coming to the in-depth review, first thing was the Display: Which I noticed when I opened the package and switched on the phone was the built in wallpaper animation and that's when I immediately noticed the 90 hz fluid AMOLED display's awesomeness 😍😍. Then the next time was while playing pubg, it's graphics was simply awesome😍. Then again the third time I fell in love was during the display setting when we can manually tune the display colours. And I really longed for a curved edge display phone for a long time and all these features put together felt awesome.Camera: At first, I was very sceptic about it as there were bad reviews swarming around camera😅. Then immediately the phone was demanding me to update it which I eventually did , which was around 2 gb. And then I took a few picture in artificial lighting with fingers crossed but it was fine. Then post that I thought the camera was not up to the mark😵. But to my surprise it was me who was the culprit 😜 and this came to light when I took some pictures during daylight, also I'm new to the triple camera setup so I was the one to be blamed for and not the phone, then as I got a hold of it the, picture quality was getting better and better 😍. So now I can say it has a pretty decent quality 😉 though it's not in comparison with other flagships out there I'm really happy with it's images also the 3x zoom feature will shock you as there is no loss in the image quality. Portrait mode is awesome but you will have to get used to it, selfie camera is also awesome, which also gives you awesome images 😍. Gaming: I'm not s hard core gamer at least in Mobile , since this device has pretty hardware built for games I thought of giving it a try, and to my surprise I fell for it at the login screen as the animations were so pleasing to the eyes 😍 and during the game play there was no frame drops and the gameplay was pretty smooth 👍Battery: since it's a heavy 4k mAh battery I thought it would last for a more than a day on heavy usage, but it's not so coz of increased resolution and refresh rate, it drains the battery a lot especially during heavy usage, but if we are not using it much the battery easily lasts for 1.5 days, plus the Warp charging, just shatters your perspective about charging, coz it charges three device  from 10-100 in shy of 80 mins which is mind blowing.Finger print scanner is one of the plus for this device coz it's blazingly fast when compared to it's competitors 👍😍Oxygen Os: I'm a first time user and to me this interface is just as smooth as butter, the feel, the response,90hz refresh rate, vibrant Display all together is simply awesome. No lags so far. Will update this in coming months.Only con was the ear phone jack , but that can be resolved using a USB c to 3.5 converters , I used ptron adapter which is amazing and you can also charge and connect to earphones at the same time 😅.I guess that's it for now will update on near future, if you're planning to buy this you can blindly go for it and won't regret 👍\n\n", '\n\n  Overall Beast as everyone says!! but few things i have noticed after usage since a week..firstly i wud say RAM is being used drastically.. just for normal usage it wud consume approx 5 to 6 GB RAM without any reason.. i dunno how does that processing work at all...and battery is drastically draining since 2 days.. earlier 5 days were EPIC.. now i really do not understand what the problem is.. as the usage is same as before. planning to get it replaced but wat if it works the same!!!Camera app is not at all good. thy really need to upgrade their software to match the market level phones like pixel and nokia.Overall little disappointed with 12 GB Beast phone... Expectations were high but lets hope for the best for further usage..EDIT :  After 20plus days of usage and 2 updates working really fine and battery issue also resolved with some apps management. Now battery works upto 36 to 48 hrs for one single charge. Will update more once after i use it liitle extensively for few more days... Stay tuned!\n\n', "\n\n  Love at first site❣️display....Feels  ultra premium...🔥Charging speed.....is just⚡️blazing fast.⚡️Gaming... experience: u won't wish to play on other phone if u tried once🔥Camera....is... impression...{portrait}+{nightscape}Fingerprint..is the fastest...among.all🔥Stereo sound is addiction❣️❣️❣️❣️The best....display on earth....🔥🔥90 hertz...display..is the smoothest...better than the I phone🔥U just can't live or go back to another phone....if u🔥 use it.......🎉The fastest phone on earth🏅🎗️The haptic engine feed back...is super impressive while playing games... supports all game at...max. graphics..🏅It's....not just a phone....🔥🔥🔥It's a beast🔥❣️\n\n", '\n\n  Why just Unlock Speed when you can Go Beyond Speed.My New One Plus 7 Pro!!!The OnePlus 7 Pro\'s camera, performance, and price make it the go-to premium Android phone of 2019.Overall, the phone looks fantastic. The display is razor-sharp and thanks to the pop-up camera, it\'s all screen; there\'s no cutout tab or teardrop notch or "hole punch" dot.Pros:Notch less DisplayRAM BoostQualcomm SDM855Memory (Up to 12 GB)Primary CameraFront Pop-Up CameraBattery (4000 MAH)Warp ChargingFingerprint (under display)90 Hertz Refresh RateCons:ExpensiveWireless Charging3.5 mm jackNo IP Rating (Dust/Waterproof)By Saikanth Krishna\n\n', '\n\n  When there is a video call camera pops up while it is ringing, it should have been camera popping up when I accept the call. This put the selfie camera on risk if the phone is in your pocket n it starts ringingCalled up one plus service centre the answer that I got was this would get resolve when there would be a software update but by that time your camera could get affected\n\n', "\n\n  I had been using my OnePlus 3T since December 2016. The device was still good enough for my daily necessities but the battery life dropped down to a considerable extent so I decided to get the OnePlus 7 Pro. My expectations were quite high, and guess what? This phone gracefully rose past all of them. Here is my review after three weeks of usage. Trust me, I've used the stuffing out of the device in these three weeks.Desirable features :1. Display : Arguably the phone's strongest selling point. My mind was shuttling between the 7T and 7 Pro and the display is what sold by. Beautiful Quad HD curved display with 90 Hz refresh rate. Curved displays may not be for everyone, but I've condoned them since the s6 edge and hence, I personally love it. Accidental touches are also very rare (I do have fat fingers). As for the refresh rate, it improves the overall user experience and if you don't believe me, keep a phone with a 60 Hz screen next to this and you will definitely observe the difference. The screen is pretty bright and has legit outdoor visibility as well. Night and reading modes also ensure you have a pleasant experience using it in the dark. Screen flickering is not noticeable for the average user but you have the DC dimming option as well if in case you do notice it.2. Software optimization : Oxygen OS is OnePlus' forte. Undisputedly the best OS available for android. It is buttery smooth and packed with just the right amount of features. I didn't feel the need for a third party launcher. Rest assured, you will definitely receive regular software updates for three years at least.3. Performance : Moving from the 3T, this felt like riding a H2R after owning a splendour all my life. I haven't noticed any lags or stutters no matter what task I threw at it. As for gaming, I've saved it for the end of the review. PUBG lovers do check out the bottom of the review for a detailed PUBG review. Spoiler alert : it outperforms even some of the gaming phones on the market today.4. Audio output : The dual stereo speakers are very loud. The clarity is excellent for listening to media and taking calls as well. Dolby Atmos is the cherry on top of the cake.5. Camera : Many reviews said that the camera was a disappointment. Well, OnePlus seems to have fixed it with numerous updates because when I got my device and installed all the updates, the camera performance was splendid. Pro mode allows you to tweak the settings considerably. Slow motion videos are good too, though not the best. Any normal user would be very happy with the camera as I had no complaints. it doesn't beauty or oversaturate images. Initially, when I opened slow motion at night in indoor lighting, the screen was flickering and so did the resulting video. But it turns out it is not a manufacturing defect. The sensor cannot shoot slow motion videos on certain lighting conditions. But it works well in outdoor lighting. So if you try it for the first time indoors, do not freak out if this happens. Video recording at 4k;60fps is awesome too.TIP : Use Pro mode to click RAW images and then edit them on Snapseed. RAW files produce excellent details but also range from 20-30 MB per image. They are a little soft but Snapseed is all you need to edit the images.6. Network reception : Network reception and Wi-Fi speed is also much better. Internet speed is much better on this phone as compared to my older devices (3T and Mi A2 lite).7. Warp charging : It charges from 0 to 100 in just about an hour's time. And the best part is, the phone doesn't heat up at all. Only the adapter gets warm, but the phone doesn't heat up despite the charging speed.8. Design - The phone looks beautiful and feels premium. The notchless display is a treat to the eyes. I have the nebula blue variant and the frosted glass back looks magnificent. It feels great to hold and even better to behold.Well, this phone does everything you expect from a phone perfectly. So the pros list would go on and on.Could be better :Battery life - OnePlus packs a 4000 maH battery. It will easily last you through the day even if you are a heavy user. I get 6-7 hours of screen on time normally and a little over 5 hours if I do a lot of gaming and YouTube. I have my display set at 9 Hz and 1440p resolution so this does pull a lot off the battery. But considering the size and weight of this phone, OnePlus could have provided us with a battery. I did try setting the screen to 60 Hz and 1080p and it improved the battery life by roughly 15-20%, but what's the point of having such a powerful display and not being able to exploit it to the fullest?Liabilities :1. No headphone jack - When I buy a premium phone, I expect the company to at least pack a type C to 3.5mm adapter, if not a type C headphones. Come on, even apple gives you compatible earphones in the box. I spent an extra 390 bucks for the adapter. It works fine but would have been better if it came in the box.2. Tempered glass - OnePlus gives you an applied screen protector with the phone and it is good, but it is not shatterproof. When you have an expensive display, it is always better to secure it with a good tempered glass. But finding a good one is a pain. Either it has black edges, doesn't cover the screen completely, or the application process is a hassle and error prone. And they cost at least four times the amount for flat screen phones. Have ordered one from glazedinc, let's hope it fits the bill.A few perks :To make the phone look better, I downloaded wallpapers from unsplash. I also installed the flight icon pack (free version). You don't need a separate launcher for it, Oxygen OS allows you to use icon packs and it is quite simple. You can customize the icons and even change the name of the apps(useful if you want to be shady).Also installed an edge screen app. Have attached a screenshot of my home screen. Also, enable dark mode. The display makes it beautiful.Set animation scale in developer options to 0.5x for an even snappier experience.I suggest you use the fingerprint scanner and avoid face unlock as the front camera has to pop up Everytime you need to unlock your phone. Besides it is very accurate and fast too. I've disabled finger unlock animation so make it seem faster (perception hack).Verdict :I have the 8GB RAM/256GB ROM version.  It is worth the 43 grand damage. Given a second chance, I'd still pick the same phone again and I am sure you would too. After all, it won the MVP award in MKBHD's smartphone awards 2019. :)PUBG Mobile review :This is an absolute beast of a phone for PUBGM. Default settings itself was set to HDR + Extreme and it handled it very well. Constant 60 fps was achieved with minor drops to 58 and never below that. I personally prefer to play at Smooth + Extreme as bullets register the fastest in these settings (as said by professional players). I'm a four finger claw + full gyroscope player. I picked up full gyro practicing for just two weeks in this phone. Touch response is super quick and there are no multi touch issues. Gyro response is also perfect and I play with the same sensitivity as Snax. My gameplay has improved a lot with this phone. Curved display wasn't an issue for me at all. You also have an in built screen recorder that records both internal and external audio. Recording your gameplay doesn't affect the performance at all. Minor heating is noticeable after two classic matches if you're recording. 5 minutes of recording at 60fps will consume close to 1GB of your storage. I can game for around 4-4.5 hours when the phone is fully charged. There is no thermal throttling and phone's performance does not drop at all. Besides, the notchless screen improves.yoir gaming experience and haptic feedback is excellent too. If you're looking for an amazing gaming performance as a bonus, this is the phone for you. The frame rate is even more consistent than ROG phone 2, second maybe only to iPhones.\n\n", "\n\n  The display is amazing and it just grows on you. You can never use any other handset after using this display.Battery is good for 1 and half day usage but the wrap charge is dope.Weight is a bit heavy and big screen but big phones are the call of the day so can't complain much.Design is so attractive and feels can never be backdated even after using this for 2 years.Camera specs are awesome and software is good bit with time it will improve more I am sure. Don't get me wrong it gets decent pictures and great selfies.\n\n", '\n\n  Works like a charm little hefty but butter smooth.And for people talking about incomplete product delivery what you see on youtube is reviewers unit jot retail unit so stop with the dumb comments.My only complaint is that there is no headphone in the box and nor did the company provide the adaptor for the same\n\n', "\n\n  The OnePlus 7 Pro is the most expensive OnePlus phone ever, but boy has that extra money been put to good use. This is the best Android phone on the market, and the competition is not even close.The 90Hz display is a huge deal. Seeing animations and scrolling at fluid 90FPS does more to make a phone feel performant than any benchmark score, and I really don't want to have to go back to a 60Hz phone.OnePlus even greatly improved the in-screen fingerprint reader, and now it feels as fast as an old school capacitive reader.PROsThe best smartphone design on the market. The front is nearly all pixels with no display interruptions.-The 90Hz display makes this one of the smoothest, fastest-feeling Android phones out there.-The optical fingerprint reader has seen a big performance improvement and seems just as good as a capacitive reader.-Even the camera is great!CONs-The lack of an always-on display for easy checking of the time or notifications. If we bother OnePlus enough, they could easily patch this in with a software update!-Only bi-monthly security updates, yet I'm okay.-No microSD Slot or headphone jack.(don't care)Being a OnePlus fanboy, I'm so into the 90hz display, skin tones look great, Netflix streams fell more immersive with HDR.(Posted some shots of the phone with images & game running on the display to demonstrate the outstanding display of skin tones, contrast & colour saturation)I didn't face any issues with the camera, no ghost touches that's mentioned by some. Love my 1+Highly recommended.\n\n", "\n\n  I had purchased one Plus 7 pro 8 GB Almond color from Amazon based on a friend's suggestion but totally regret the purchase. I'm a new user for One Plus & previously owned Apple, Vivo,Letv, Coolpad, Samsung, Honor, Motorola,Xolo,etc.,never experienced such an awkward performance in those mobile's. Spending half a Lakh Indian rupees on this mobile the File manager videos file's takes time to load in order to open the same, While on call second call gets answered automatically, Both front & Back camera clarity are not up to the mark & there are lots of other issues while using the mobile I'm not at all happy using this device & feel like exploited for buying a premium range mobile with a basic mobile's performance. Need a solution for the same at the earliest.\n\n", '\n\n  The first thing firstThe design is awesome.Specs are awesomeAnd almost near to stock android is also awesome.This mobile is just super fast.I think spending 50k + on this is better than spending on Samsung items.\n\n', "\n\n  The blue beast.Everything is great.They should have included the the headfone adapter.Stop complaining about the weight even iphone xs max weighs 208 gms.Night scape mode in this phone is just superb. Better than iphone or galaxy s10 plus.And this phone is a performance monster.Chose this phone over galaxy s10 plus and I have zero regrets.Go for it and you'll not regret.\n\n", "\n\n  The first time i bought OP7pro. I was shipped with a defective unit. The screen had burn in issues. I just don't get it. If i am the first owner of the phone, how can it have screen burn in. It is something, that develops gradually on prolonged use. Maybe they are selling refurbished ones in offers. I filed for a replacement. And its working great.The phone is great in all aspects. Just the battery time is a bit less. My unit also registers false touches while charging.The design is fabulous and fragile. ✌️Update-Initially I gave it a 5star rating, then reduced one for the 3.5mm jack and battery.\n\n", '\n\n  Phone is good except the feature hyped like Camera and Speed. Picture quality is not so great as expected. Also the finger touch screen do sometime have issue. Last 3 days phone has started hanging / getting freezed for sometime inpite of 12GB RAM and 256GB memory. Miss my SAMSUNG features where the phone can be handled with single hand. Also for calling from second SIM dialing is must to dial from  Primary SIM first and then again from called list can dial from second sim\n\n', "\n\n  Good points:1) quality feels premium while holding it in hand2) Superb sound quality and clarity3) Awesome display to look at4) Warp charging is much more faster than Dash charging  + battery retention time is average5) 90Hz barely makes a difference as compared to OnePlus 3 I used before this. But yes, Its indeed much more refined and smooth(still doesn't justify the price tag)Bad Points:1) The camera although takes awesome pictures, but it does get blurred while zooming and viewing the pic from gallery2) The pop up mechanism makes mechanical sound while switching on/off. At this price, it bothered me. It could have been seamless.3) Bit heavy and huge. Gives a feeling of nervousness while holding it without any case(as its made of glass body)4) front camera is average. Similar to OnePlus 5T I would say(not much difference)\n\n", '\n\n  First of all i m using ONE PLUS for the first time. The phone performance is mind blowing, no lag nothing at all.🖥️The Display is so awesome, u will fall in love with it. 😍😍📷 Camera is gud bt still it requires improvement in my view🔋 Battery is Good, i think due to big screen it consume battery a little faster, bt after updates it will be fixed definitely..🎮Game lover Go for it no doubt..And dont think for negative review. I dont knw why people are so stupid.. 😂\n\n', "\n\n  One of the best screen I've seen on a phone. Camera is brilliant, even in low light. Was skeptical initially due to some bad reviews, but contrary to those I don't see any issues so far. Been using for four days and tested out most of the features and loved almost everything about the phone, except for the weight. Battery life with 60Hz at this resolution is quite remarkable. 90Hz pushed through a day, but on 60Hz it's a breeze for day and half. I did notice few software glitches after the latest update while sharing cam clicked images via WhatsApp, but was fixed after a reboot. So no complaints there as well. Overall, find it worth for the money paid.\n\n", "\n\n  I was so confused in between S10+ and OP7 Pro because i was worried about weight and camera but both are excellent. I am glad that i opted OnePlus7 Pro. The moment i turned on the display i was simply amazed by its quality, seriously it's just pleasure to eyes to watch and feel this display.Other than this performance, camera, OS, and premium look of Nebula blue all are just amazing.Go for it and trust me you not gonna regret it.\n\n", '\n\n  Update after 10 months: love this phone due to 3 reasons - Awesome Display, Extremely fast, Mind-blowing audio playback through my Jabra wireless bud. Many of us overlooked audio quality in a phone but I think its very useful as we also used our phone as a Mp3 player on the go. I am surprised to see the quality of high definition audio it gives when comparing to my existing S7 and S8 Galaxy premium phones. This is the best audio and best display I have seen since I use a mobile. Now 7T pro available at 37k including 5k Amazon offer with my HDFC card discount. Feels like I should have wait for another 8 months to get it 10k cheaper. I paid 43k just for 7pro. I believe 7 Pro and 7T Pro was the last best phones offered by OnePlus when price, quality and specifications concerned.\n\n', "\n\n  This is my personal experience I am sharing. After 10days of purchase,  the phone got hanged during call, and the system didn't work for half an hour,not even power and reboot button. The problem recurred after 1 week.  After investing this big amount for a phone,  this kind of experience really gets you into trouble.Also,  would advice Amazon to extend return timeline and should give 1 month for these kind of products, as these are big investment for the user.\n\n", "\n\n  Worst camera quality...... I thought I m getting the best phone but it's the worst one.... Plz do go for this mobile. With the amount of hype they made in media it's just a wastage of money. This is not a trusted brand to go for. Even I don't like to one star rest of the phone in the market will give the best phone with lots of features like vivo, oppo or Samsung. I raised a compliant with the tech team and will take it media for cheating us. I suggest all who are having the same problem take this to media in all forum, so that this company oneplus will understand and will do the needful. If not we have lots of ways to make them understand and return our money.\n\n", "\n\n  1. ScreenOMG. Use this Hulk once and you see all the other devices as tiny toddlers. Screen is the next Generation feature and it's absolute delight to watch youtube on this.2. Oxygen OSConfigurable. Sleek. Ease of use. It's addictive3. Top notch configWeather it's 12 GB RAM, 256 GB ROM or 30 htz Warm charging. It's top notch industry leading configuration. What more you will ask for?No wireless charging. No IP certification. Not required and no body cares.OnePlus becomes a market leader with this dream phone.\n\n", '\n\n  I use 4 finger claw for Pubg and at random times the screen glitches for no particular reason. There are glitches of different type:1. Sometimes the place where my buttons are on screen, they get clicked even when my fingers are no where near it.2. Sometimes I have to have a finger tapping on the middle of the screen otherwise the buttons at the top left edges wont activate no matter how many times I tap.3. Sometimes buttons wont work all together.All these glitches happen at random. Sometimes the phone will be working fine and other times it just goes to hell. So playing competitive for which I bought such an expensive phone is defeated.Pros:Camera.Dunno, failed almost all my expectations.Cons:Pop up camera.Refer Pros.With no apps running in background and only wifi on 24x7 and no one using the phone, the battery last 2-2.5 days...with no usage. If you are using the phone with something like wifi or data or location (any one, never-mind two of these) on at all times, you are looking at at least one time charging the phone at eveningSincerely Disappointed,One plus user.\n\n', '\n\n  This is my biggest mistake to buy Chinese Mobile phone.In future I will avoid to buy any Item which is belong to China as China has attacked on my nation and my countrymen and brave soldiers are martyred for the pride of my nation.I would request Amazon to avoid selling of chinese product in India to respect our National emotions.Request to all other Indians not to Buy Chinese Products.Nothing is important than National Pride.\n\n', "\n\n  I am writing this review after using two months , and using means playing pubg , listening music, 52 apps running in background i.e heavy usage of 8GB RAM. and I would say Phone is awesome with good battery life and i won't feel bored while using 90Hz refresh  rate with a crisp 1,440-pixel resolution.By refreshing 90 frames a second, things like scrolling through web pages and apps feels really fluid.So, here are my perspective :Advantages :1. Photos are clear, bright and vibrant and I'm impressed with the camera's HDR rendering.2.Buttery smooth and notchless 90Hz display.3.thanks to Oneplus for giving Wrap charger which charges the phone Superfast 55 mins.4.Talking of durability, there is Gorilla Glass 5 on front and back, but please have a screen protector .5.There is no heating issue while playing games or charging the battery.6.Over all Build Quality is premium , but slight slippery while holding it .7. AMOLED display which is very the best at this price range .Disadvantages:1.Questionable pop-up camera durability, mechanics is good but i really don't know what will happen while keeping in pocket or while taking pics outside.2.there are Dolby powered stereo speakers that output rich audio but no head phone Jack which means either u need to buy blue tooth headphone or a usb type c connector to headphone which is easily available in amazon (but can buy in cheap rate @ 59 outside ).3. Phone is Big and Bulky (which is manageable as it's a metal body).4.No water resistance rating ad wireless charging, which according to me is not required as it gives u an Additional Warranty of One year without extra charging  . No Mobile Company provides us 2 year of warranty .Hope this will be helpful , I would suggest just go for it who are the heavy user and don't want to purchase phone every year or who got annoyed of unusual notification from OS or pre-installed apps as It's a Nearly stock Android .\n\n", '\n\n  This is the best phone I ever had from one plus. Following are the pros and corns. Let me start with pros followed by corns next :Pros :1). Best in class display.  It has overtaken even the Samsung phones. However it’s AMOLED panel is made by Samsung.2).  Best camera experience. Better than Samsung S10.3).  90 Hz refresh rate on the screen. First in its segment.4). Dash Charge :  hi speed charging, achieves 100%  within an hour.5). Battery lasts for more than a day for medium to heavy usage with data on.6). Does not heat up so it’s predecessors as it comes with liquid cooling panel. Ideal for heavy gamers.Corns :1).  The device is very heavy it weighs around 210 g2). Very slippery in nature Due to its glossy finish. Back cover is must.3).  Does not fit properly in your front pocket Due to its oversize.4). Though it is made out of glass, it does not support wireless charging.5).  Does not have 3.5 MM audio jack. You need to connect wireless through Bluetooth device or through type C wired headset.\n\n', '\n\n  Its my second week for Oneplus 7 PRO.I prefer this phone over Oneplus 8.I am not a camera person. So my reviews do not include camera stuff.Pros :Curved screen is NOT an issue. No "ghost" touches.Indeed water proof. I spilled water over screen and no isuses in camera, display, touch pad, screen.90Hz refresh rate is very fast.QHD+ makes the display so crystal clear.The Oxygen OS is so smooth.Warp charge is fasttt.It not such a heavyweight phone as mentioned on YouTube.Cons:If we use 90Hz refresh rate and QHD+ for all day.Ut drains battery.\n\n', "\n\n  The battery back up on the so called 4000 mAh is only 7 hours. This 7 hours is with just 20 minutes screen usage.Raised a replacement request with Amazon. The technician who was supposed to visit on the scheduled day called up and mentioned that battery issue can come up because of apps and also the screen resolution. I have been using one plus 5t and it lasted 20-25 hours with the same usage and same applications. I had to put all my applications in optimise in the 7 pro to keep the battery last till evening. My friends using one plus 7 (not the pro) did not face any issue and their batteries lasted for over 20 hours.The worst part on Amazon's side is that the technician did not turn up and I got an email saying I was not reachable. When I contacted the technician he mentioned that he was busy with other customers and so he turned down my req. Now Amazon calls me back the next day from some unknown number and asks me for my details to place this technician request.Why playing cheap tactics to avoid replacement amazon by extending the dates ?\n\n"]